TITLE: 500g Gelato Dust Shake Trim £1400 | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
500g Gelato Dust Shake Trim £1400 | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Shake
500g Gelato Dust Shake Trim £1400
maurelius
Rating: 4.9 out of 5
Reviews: 535
Sales: 6354
1400 GBP
Shipping from United Kingdom to European Union
Shipping methods:  UK to UK Standart Shipping ― 3 day ― 0 GBP  UK to Ireland
Standart Shipping ― 7 day ― 3.5 GBP  UK to EU Standart Shipping ― 7 day ― 3.5
GBP  UK to UK/EU Tracked and Sign ― 3 day ― 12.5 GBP
Posted 8 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
THIS STRAIN WILL BE SHIPPED FROM UK  
  
SHIPMENT TO EU MAY TAKE FROM 5 TO 10 DAYS  
  
  
  
Gelato Dust Shake Trim  
  
Indica Dominant Hybrid -55% Indica / 45% Sativa  
  
THC: 20%  
  
Gelato (also referred to as "Larry Bird") is a tantalizing hybrid cannabis
strain from Cookie Fam and Sherbinski.  
Gelato is a slightly indica dominant hybrid (55% indica/45% sativa) strain
created through a cross of the infamous Sunset Sherbet X Thin Mint Girl Scout
Cookies strains. This dank bud is infamous for its insanely delicious flavor
and hugely powerful effects that are fueled by a THC level that hits its low
point at 20% on average. Gelato has a flavor that's said to be much like a
sweet sherbet, with fruity blueberry and orange flavors. The aroma is just as
sickly sweet, with a lavender citrus berry bouquet that has a woody effect as
the nugs are broken apart and smoked. Although it has a tasty flavor, Gelato
is definitely best loved for its effects. Even with its slight indica
dominance, the high is head heavy in nature and won't leave...  
  
A great strain. An instant classic. It covers all. Head high body high.smooth
blazing great Taste & smell. Awesome strain. Please do yourself a favor and
pick up a quarter of this at a time of not more. It's worth every cent  
  
  
The high comes in very fast and is a little racy at first. After about 15
minutes this racyness morphs into a very relaxing, calming and slightly spacey
stone that sticks with you for a solid hour, before tiredness gets you.
Refund policy
If your order doesn't show up we can offer you 50% reship or refund of the
original order.  
For years we used to reship 100% of the orders but unfortunately we live in a
world where people take advantage of you and sometimes our clients lie when it
comes to receiving orders. Please understand that we are here for money and we
feel sorry that honnest men/women have to suffer the loss. Besides, you are
buying weed, not vegetables. :)
