TITLE: 8MG Dilaudid Hydromorphone Dilly 8's Purdue (Minimum order 100 pills) | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
8MG Dilaudid Hydromorphone Dilly 8's Purdue (Minimum order 100 pills) | Nemesis Market     
    
Drugs  » Opioids  » Hydromorphone
8MG Dilaudid Hydromorphone Dilly 8's Purdue (Minimum order 100 pills)
T
talfredballusa
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 20
Sales: 226
1 pill
9 USD
100 pill
750 USD
200 pill
1350 USD
Shipping from Canada to United States
Shipping methods:  EXPRESS SHIPPING (USA ONLY) ― 5 day ― 40 USD
Posted 6 months ago and last time edited at 2022-07-04 12:50:04 UTC
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
8mg dilaudid | hydromorphone | dilly 8 purdue  
  
Everything we sell is 100% authentic and goes from the scripts which we
independently verify to the pharmacy and finally to your hand. We do not deal
in press, clones, copies, or anything else that may contain Fent.  
  
We are your one-stop shop for anything and everything Canadian Pharma. If
there is something that you would like and we do not appear to carry please
let us know and we will do our best to stock it as quickly as possible.  
If you would like to place a custom order please just reach our and let us
know and we will put it together for you. We also reply very quickly and our
shipping speeds are second to none.  
  
Thank you and we look forward to working with everyone again and again.  
  
We have have been vendors on Alphabay, Dark0de, Canadian HQ, Torrez,
WeTheNorth, ASAP, Monopoly etc... and this is our only market that cators to
the the USA. Welcome American clientelle, you can expect the same exact level
of professsionalism and stealth with speeding shipping to boot. We look
forward to helping you with all your future needs and are able to put together
custom orders but just asking.  
  
Thank and happy shopping.
Refund policy
We have a pretty good record of mailing to the USA and always use super
stealth methods, that being said there are no re-send but you can expect a 50%
refund on first attempt at shipping in case the product gets held up in
customs. We dont expect this to happen but to stay afloat we have to keep it
fair for us and our clients. We are a small but dededicated team of
individuals that have the same goal in mind of running a really great stealthy
store and providing our clients with the best customer service we can.
__ Sort comments by Top New
G
__ __
GRE385hd 1 3 months ago
Do you know of a seller that has a lower minimum? Like 20 to 30 pills?
S
__ __
stinkyCheetah 1 5 months ago
is it possible to order 15 or 20?
