TITLE: DMT Vape Cart 500mg     FREE SHIPPING | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
DMT Vape Cart 500mg     FREE SHIPPING | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Psychedelics  » DMT
DMT Vape Cart 500mg FREE SHIPPING
Thuggaking54
Rating: 4.5 out of 5
Reviews: 141
Sales: 469
70 USD
Shipping from United States to United States
Shipping methods:  usps nrm 4 ― 5 day ― 27 USD  usps xpress 2 ― 3 day ― 60 USD
free letter 12 ― 14 day ― 1 USD
Posted 5 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
\--PICK YOUR STRENGTH--  
(STANDARD 500mg OR CUSTOM 1 / 2 G DMT/ML)  
  
DESCRIPTION  
  
Experience life after the death of ego, coalesce with the fabric of space and
time, and feel the all loving embrace of the universe. Never before has the
ancient spirit molecule been so convenient, easy, and safe to experience in
the comforts of your own home. A premium 510 threaded CCell technology ceramic
coil vaporizer, glass design, and our ultra concentrated DMT oil combine for
the perfect delivery method. Simply put, you wont find a better DMT cart
anywhere else!  
  
STANDARD FULL STRENGTH  
  
All cart orders are standard full strength unless otherwise requested in your
order notes. Our standard full strength 1G DMT oil is 75% DMT and 25% premium
flavored eJuice by volume. Our 3 to 1 oil was created for maximum...one hit
breakthrough...hit by a train strength...effect, while not exceeding the
throat hit of a THC vape cart. How are we able to dissolve so much DMT in so
little oil? Our highly refined clean crystal DMT freebase is free of sticky
plant fats, lipids and particulates that are commonly saturated in yellow DMT,
and that would otherwise make our ratio impossible.  
  
CUSTOM 1 / 2 STRENGTH  
  
Our custom half strength 1 / 2 G DMT oil is 33% DMT and 66% eJuice. A 1 to 2
ratio produces smoother vapor with better flavor. This might be better suited
for those who are interested in micro-dosing or are sensitive to smoke.  
  
HOW TO USE  
  
Our DMT Vape Carts use a standard 510 pen style battery, variable power
setting is preferred.  
We recommend sampling your vapor before trying large hits. Your vapor will be
the smoothest on the lowest power setting while periodically supplementing
your draw with fresh air during your hit. Holding your hit longer will
increase intensity and potency, this effect diminishes after at 5-10 seconds.
Carts may arrive crystallized due to cold temperatures in transit, a hot water
bath or blow dryer will return the cart to a liquid state.  
  
PRODUCTION  
  
We extract our DMT from Mimosa Hostilis Plant Root Bark from Bahia Brazil,
organically grown in a natural habitat. Our Mimosa Hostilis is not sourced
from small expensive USA vendors with questionable quality. We import directly
from our farmers in Brazil, it doesnt get fresher or cheaper! This is the
secret to our incredible prices and the savings that we are able to pass on to
our customers pockets.
Refund policy
50% refund or reship
__ Sort comments by Top New
O
__ __
olisykes44420 1 2 months ago
If I understood correctly, you just have to insert a battery in the thing and
it's ready to use?
H
__ __
hoopladoopla 1 4 months ago
deleted at 2022-08-26 19:07:41 UTC
