TITLE: Hong Kong Crystal Methamphetamine (Meth) Top Quality (1G) | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Hong Kong Crystal Methamphetamine (Meth) Top Quality (1G) | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Stimulants  » Methamphetamine (Meth)
Hong Kong Crystal Methamphetamine (Meth) Top Quality (1G)
TheRealPhilMitchell
Rating: 4.9 out of 5
Reviews: 30
Sales: 311
1 g
70 GBP
2 g
135 GBP
4 g
260 GBP
7 g
450 GBP
14 g
880 GBP
Shipping from United Kingdom to United Kingdom
Shipping methods:  Royal Mail (Royal Mail) ― 5 day ― 3 GBP
Vendor on vacation
♡
This item is listed as an escrow. The order process is as follows:
  * After the buyer has placed an order, the vendor has 5 days to accept or reject the order.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't accept the order within 5 days.
  * If the buyer doesn't want to wait 5 days, there will be a cancel button after 48 hours to cancel the order and get a full refund.
  * After the order got accepted, the vendor has 5 days to ship. The buyer can not cancel the order at this point.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't ship the order within 5 days.
  * After the vendor ships the order, the buyer must wait for the delivery time specified with the selected shipping method.
  * If the buyer didn't receive the order within the delivery time, the buyer has 10 days to open a dispute.
  * After the order got finalized, the buyer can leave a review.
  * If you have any questions, leave a comment or create a post on our forum.
Posted 1 year ago and last time edited at 2022-06-07 13:50:03 UTC
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
In the recent years, Hong Kong has achieved an infamous status of being home
the most prestigious and high quality methamphetamine available to consumers.
With the cloak of anonymity, there are capacious factories that are solely
used to manufacture this pristine product at a high standard.  
  
Summary: Methamphetamine contracted from N-methylamphetamine) is a potent
central nervous system (CNS) stimulant that is mainly used as a recreational
drug and less commonly as a second-line treatment for attention deficit
hyperactivity disorder and obesity. Methamphetamine was discovered in 1893 and
exists as two enantiomers: levo-methamphetamine and dextro-methamphetamine.
Methamphetamine properly refers to a specific chemical, the racemic free base,
which is an equal mixture of levomethamphetamine and dextromethamphetamine in
their pure amine forms. It is rarely prescribed over concerns involving human
neurotoxicity and potential for recreational use as an aphrodisiac and
euphoriant, among other concerns, as well as the availability of safer
substitute drugs with comparable treatment efficacy. Dextromethamphetamine is
a much stronger CNS stimulant than levomethamphetamine.  
  
Effects: Euphoria, Sexual excitement, energy, lack of fatigue, much more.
__ Sort comments by Top New
B
__ __
btchundredaire 1 3 months ago
Ship to USA?
__ __
snowstorm23 1 6 months ago
how long are you on vacation?
S
__ __
sam666 1 8 months ago
We ship in switzerland?
