TITLE: 12tabs of Bunny Bugs LSD 250ug FREE NDD - UK | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
12tabs of Bunny Bugs LSD 250ug FREE NDD - UK | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Benzodiazepine (Benzos)  » Pills
12tabs of Bunny Bugs LSD 250ug FREE NDD - UK
S
SimpleMeds
Rating: 4.9 out of 5
Reviews: 33
Sales: 42
100 GBP
Shipping from United Kingdom to United Kingdom
Shipping methods:  ― 1 day ― 0 GBP
Vendor on vacation
♡
This item is listed as an escrow. The order process is as follows:
  * After the buyer has placed an order, the vendor has 5 days to accept or reject the order.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't accept the order within 5 days.
  * If the buyer doesn't want to wait 5 days, there will be a cancel button after 48 hours to cancel the order and get a full refund.
  * After the order got accepted, the vendor has 5 days to ship. The buyer can not cancel the order at this point.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't ship the order within 5 days.
  * After the vendor ships the order, the buyer must wait for the delivery time specified with the selected shipping method.
  * If the buyer didn't receive the order within the delivery time, the buyer has 10 days to open a dispute.
  * After the order got finalized, the buyer can leave a review.
  * If you have any questions, leave a comment or create a post on our forum.
Posted 5 months ago and last time edited at 2022-08-13 14:28:24 UTC
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
BUNNY BUGS 250ug LSD tabs  
High Quality, Lab Tested  
-Good looking print  
-High effect  
Free Shipping  
ORDER NOW, RECIEVE TOMORROW.!!!!!  
  
We are here to supply only the top quality LSD to the market. All of our LSD
products are derivatives of the would famous and purest Aztec crystals. Feel
free to test our products with an ehrlich reagent test if you have any doubts
about the purity or quality.  
wee use the finest crystal per tab.  
  
We only distribute LSD products of the highest quality, we invite you to try
our low priced samples and compare them to others on the market which may be
imported from poor synthetic LSD usually produced in Eastern Europe or China.
Unlike ours, these foreign cheap imports could have some dangerous side
effects.  
  
If the LSD press is out of stock a simillar press with the exact same dosage
will be sent
Refund policy
Refer to our Terms and Conditions..
