TITLE: 14g Afghan Kush £81.2 | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
14g Afghan Kush £81.2 | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Buds and Flowers
14g Afghan Kush £81.2
maurelius
Rating: 4.9 out of 5
Reviews: 524
Sales: 6343
81.2 GBP
Shipping from Spain to European Union
Shipping methods:  Spain to UK Standart Shipping ― 7 day ― 3.5 GBP  SPAIN to
EU Standart Shipping ― 7 day ― 3.5 GBP  Spain to Spain ― 3 day ― 0 GBP
Posted 8 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
THIS STRAIN WILL BE SHIPPED FROM SPAIN  
  
SHIPMENT TO UK OR EU COUNTRIES MAY TAKE FROM 5 TO 10 DAYS  
  
Afghan Kush Shipping From Spain  
  
Afghan Kush Strain  
  
Strain Information  
  
Indica  
  
Sativa 0% / Indica 100%  
  
THC: 21%, CBD: 6%, CBN: 1%  
  
Afghan Kush, also known as “Afghan OG,” is another indica strain which was
brought from 'Hindu Kush' mountain range. This is classified as easy-to-grow
marijuana strain and is known for its stereotypical body effects that are
typical to indica strains. These effects will last up to 2 to 3 hours.
Traditionally, this particular strain will be harvested for giving out higher
counts of hashish. While the THC levels of Afghan Kush strain are found to be
21.6% (of all cannabinoids), the CBD levels are also high and has good
medicinal values. The aroma of this medical marijuana strain will be like a
mango orange farm with a pinch of funky odor. The taste of this strain is not
at all harsh. This will have a bland and fruity taste. This strain is known to
affect the user's body more than his/her mind which would lead to a feeling of
laziness/sleepiness. Due to these effects, this is most often used by insomnia
patients as a bed-time medication. This is also good for stress, anxiety,
anorexia and chronic pain.  
  
Effects  
Body High, Euphoria, Happy, Hungry, Relaxing, Sleepy  
May Relieve  
Chronic Pain, Depression, Insomnia, Loss of Appetite, Migraines, PMS, PTSD,
Stress  
Flavors  
Herbal, Pine, Spicy, Sweet, Woody  
Aromas  
Earthy, Floral, Kush, Pungent, Spicy, Sweet  
  
  
Perhaps the most well known, purely indica landrace strain available, Afghan
Kush is well worth it. Perfect for helping you fall asleep, or just chilling
out to some music, everyone needs to try this strain at least once in their
lives.  
  
  
The Afghan Kush strain is an incredibly well known, potent indica strain that
comes from the Hindu Kush mountain range. Afghan Kush is an excellent example
of a landrace strain. This means that it originally grew all on its own in the
wild without any human interference. Local people in Uzbekistan and
Afghanistan would simply harvest it as they found it.  
  
This means that, instead of endless decades of cultivation and crossbreeding,
the Afghan Kush strain developed based on evolution. This results in a really
interesting blend of unique characteristics and is one of the reasons why so
many people prefer it. It not only produces a specific type of high – usually
a super clean one – but also an exciting blend of cannabinoids.  
  
You get plenty of both THC and CBD, resulting in a balanced experience with
plenty of medical benefits. The high itself is exceptionally well known and
appreciated. It has perhaps one of the most typical indica highs among all
strains of weed available.  
  
Effects  
  
From the moment you first inhale it, the high will seep into your body
exceptionally quickly. It feels like a significant rush of sensations, pouring
through your very bones and instantly calming and soothing you.  
  
Instead of the mental rush that most hybrid or sativa strains offer up, Afghan
Kush is felt almost entirely within the body. You will feel like you need to
find a comfortable, convenient surface to collapse onto immediately.  
  
It isn’t so much as to feel overpowering, but after a while, it can feel
rather too tiring to blink, and you might go a bit delirious.  
  
As happens a lot with potent indicas, towards the end of the high, you will
notice an intense lethargy. Your eyes will be weighty, your bones slightly
tired, and you will feel like you desperately need to lie down.  
  
The best thing to do is not to fight it and head to bed. Simply get to bed,
wrap yourself up warm, and enjoy the high. As long as you don’t mind falling
asleep a bit earlier than intended, this is an excellent strain for any
occasion.  
  
Aroma  
  
As is the case with pretty much every single strain from the Hindu Kush
mountain range, the primary aroma of the Afghan Kush strain is one of hash.  
  
Dense, powdery, and just a little bit spicy, this strain smells like walking
into a familiar and friendly hash pipe shop in the Middle East or West India.  
  
There is sweetness there, but the overwhelming characteristic of the aroma is
one of dankness and pleasant hash.  
  
  
Flavor  
  
The overwhelming quality of the taste of the Afghan Kush smoke is one of sweet
hash. It is pretty similar to its aroma, though, with a few key differences
that help set it apart.  
  
Instead of the intense spiciness that you’d expect after walking nearby any
Afghan Kush bud, the leading quality is one of dank hash. As soon as it hits
your tongue, you feel almost overpowered by the taste of hashish.  
  
In a way, Afghan Kush tastes like a real marijuana experience – that
quintessential flavor quality that makes smoking marijuana what it is.  
  
THC Content – Highest Test  
  
Like most strains that can be described as a landrace, Afghan Kush has a
typically high THC concentration. This makes sense, considering it possesses a
pretty potent sensation. After all, you can’t really get powerful effects
without a powerfully high level of THC.  
  
Most samples of Afghan Kush cannabis have about 20% to 21% of THC, which is
among the highest levels of THC found in most marijuana.  
  
CBD Content – Highest Test  
  
The CBD content of the Afghan Kush strain is actually quite surprising. Most
of the time, when you get a powerful strain with lots of THC, there isn’t
really any CBD to speak of. This happens because most strains are slowly and
carefully bred through generations to contain the right level of THC. To get
this, most of the time, the CBD content is almost completely bred out.  
  
With about 5% to 6% CBD content in any particular sample of Afghan Kush, you
have plenty of the necessary CBD to give you pleasant medical benefits.  
  
Medical Benefits of the Afghan Kush Strain  
  
Afghan Kush acts as a pretty typical example of an indica strain. This means
that it has what could be described as characteristic effects on the body, and
thus the usual medical benefits.  
  
For starters, the most obvious and well used medical benefit of the Afghan
Kush strain is in treating insomnia. There are few strains that produce such a
potent sleep effect as the Afghan Kush strain.  
  
Though it doesn’t instantly cause you to pass out, it is perfect for taking a
couple of hours before bedtime, as it will gradually lull you into a gentle
sleep.  
  
Beyond getting to sleep, Afghan Kush is excellent for helping to relieve
stress and other negative consequences of mental disorders. Though most people
tend to prefer sativas for treating psychological issues, the value of this
potent indica cannot be overstated.  
  
It is difficult to feel stressed or depressed when enjoying these effects, so
take Afghan Kush when feeling intense anxiety or other unwanted emotions.  
  
Some people also enjoy using Afghan Kush to treat painful conditions, as it
can be great to relieve the feeling of pain no matter what you are dealing
with.  
  
Just keep in mind that, whatever reason or condition you are using Afghan Kush
to treat, it is going to induce that sleepiness regardless. The intoxicating
drowsiness that this strain creates is inescapable. No matter what dosage you
choose to use, you are going to feel incredibly tired.  
  
Possible Side Effects of the Afghan Kush Strain  
  
The significant thing about the side effects of the Afghan Kush strain is
that, while it does have a high dose of THC, it also possesses the right
balance of other cannabinoids.  
  
Though not always the case, many marijuana side effects come about due to a
lack of balancing cannabinoids. The 6% CBD and not insignificant amounts of
CBN and other cannabinoids mean that you won’t notice anywhere near the level
of adverse effects.  
  
However, there are still always going to a few things to note. To begin with,
you can expect both dry eyes and dry mouth to a decent extent, so make sure
you keep a glass of water on hand to quickly deal with this.  
  
Furthermore, the higher level of THC when compared to other strains, can tend
to invoke dizziness. This only really happens in those without a great deal of
marijuana experience, though. It can also happen if you try and smoke too much
at once, so make sure you pace yourself so you can really enjoy it.  
  
A small percentage of people report headaches as a result of smoking Afghan
Kush, but once again, this only really happens after smoking too much of it.
Refund policy
If your order doesn't show up we can offer you 50% reship or refund of the
original order.  
For years we used to reship 100% of the orders but unfortunately we live in a
world where people take advantage of you and sometimes our clients lie when it
comes to receiving orders. Please understand that we are here for money and we
feel sorry that honnest men/women have to suffer the loss. Besides, you are
buying weed, not vegetables. :)
