TITLE: Adobe Acrobat Pro DC 2017 - cracked | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Adobe Acrobat Pro DC 2017 - cracked | Nemesis Market     
  Other  » Other
Adobe Acrobat Pro DC 2017 - cracked
g3cko
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 415
Sales: 2954
2.08 USD
Posted 8 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Cracked stable version - no activation  
  
Numerous tools are present for creating and editing PDF documents but no tool
is mature enough as compared to Acrobat Pro DC. It has a variety of tools and
options to perform any kind of PDF editing. This powerful application can
efficiently handle every kind of PDF data including images, text, forms, and
other data. In addition, this application can convert all the supported text
formats to PDF format. The interface of Acrobat Pro DC is very simple and
neat, all the options are very easily understandable. Everyone can use this
application without any technical knowledge.  
  
You can add comments, bookmarks, signatures, annotations, and other data to
the PDF files. Make the files secure and manage the access to the documents.
Edit and manage forms, import/export data, extract images, manage pages and
perform various other such tasks. A wide range of templates is also there to
instantly create PDF files and modify them as per the needs. A huge bundle of
other features is there to make this application more reliable.  
Features of Adobe Acrobat Pro DC 2017  
  
Some of the notable features of Adobe Acrobat Pro DC are:  
  
Very intuitive user interface  
Clear and easily understandable environment  
Create and edit PDF files  
Convert to PDF formats  
Extract content from PDF without losing quality  
Add comments, bookmarks, signatures, annotations, and comments  
Assign passwords to the images  
Create and manage PDF forms  
Built-in OCR support  
Document Cloud and much more  
  
System Requirements of Adobe Acrobat Pro DC 2017  
  
Before you download Adobe Acrobat Pro DC 2017, make sure that your system
meets the given requirements.  
  
Operating System: Windows 7/8/10  
Free Hard Disk Space: 5 GB of minimum free disk space required  
Installed Memory: 1 GB of minimum RAM Required  
Processor: 1.5 GHz Processor (Equivalent or higher)
