TITLE: Magic Mushrooms - 125mg microdose capsules x100 | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Magic Mushrooms - 125mg microdose capsules x100 | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Psychedelics  » Shrooms
Magic Mushrooms - 125mg microdose capsules x100
themushrooman
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 166
Sales: 576
320 AUD
Shipping from Australia to Australia
Shipping methods:  Tracked Package, Regular Post ― 14 day ― 0 AUD  Tracked
Package, Express Post ― 5 day ― 15 AUD
Posted 2 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Grown with love. Prepared with care. Shipped with confidence.  
  
Homegrown, organic mushrooms made by a husband and wife team: I'm the
mushrooms, she's the packages, and together we're just trying to be the kind
of vendor I'd want to buy from.  
  
For this listing they will come dried, powdered in a coffee grinder, and then
put into capsules for ease of microdosing. Get your daily microdose for less
than a cup of coffee!  
  
Orders are made up in the evening and posted Tuesday/Thursday/Friday, so the
cutoff time is 10:00pm EST the night before. For your peace of mind, all
orders are sent with tracking.  
  
  
About:  
Psilocybe cubensis is a species of psychedelic mushroom whose principal active
compounds are psilocybin and psilocin. Commonly called shrooms, magic
mushrooms, gold tops, gold caps, golden teachers, or cubes, a variety of them
grows on every continent except Antarctica. Due to this wide distribution and
realitive ease of cultivation it is the most well known psychoactive mushroom
species.  
  
Microdosing dosages range from 0.1g to 0.25g, and many people find the daily
taking of near-imperceptible doses of psychedelics to boost their mood,
concentration and creativity.  
  
For those interested in the science, psilocybin metabolises into the drug
psilocin which bonds to serotonin receptors in your brain and functions as a
far more effective neurotransmitter. That means that parts of your brain that
don't usually communicate are doing so. This stimulates neurogenesis - the
creation of new synaptic pathways - and as such has been shown to have wide-
ranging medicinal benefits including - but not limited to - reduction in
anxiety and depression, increased creativity, increased capacity for the
learning of new skills, increased life satisfaction, and decreased fear of
death.  
  
Their huge potential is evidenced by the FDA in the US having approved
breakthrough therapy designation for psilocybin, which is meant to fast-track
research where evidence shows that the new therapy is a significant
improvement on existing ones: a single dose of psilocybin can continue having
positive impacts on patient's wellbeing months afterwards, as compared to the
daily taking of SSRI inhibitors, for example, in the treatment of depresssion.  
I like to decribe it as the difference between having trouble walking and
being handed a wheelchair, or exercising. A single strong dose of psilocybin
can give you the introspection, clarity, and context necessary for lasting
personal change: you spend a few hours running and learn how to walk better.  
They don't call them 'Golden Teachers' for nothing.  
  
But please check out sites like Erowid or Psychonaut Wiki for more information
and, as always, do your own research.  
  
If you got this far, then thank you for coming to my TED Talk. Trip safe!
Refund policy
Anything undelivered after three weeks will be refunded 100%.  
  
Ultimately I want you to be happy enough to leave another glowing review, so
any issues at all don't hesitate to give us a shout.
