TITLE: Latest Working Non-VBV BINS 2022 | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Latest Working Non-VBV BINS 2022 | Nemesis Market     
  
Other  » Guides and Tutorials
Latest Working Non-VBV BINS 2022
genesis
Rating: 4 out of 5
Reviews: 66
Sales: 283
15 USD
Posted 1 month ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Beginners to carding always do request for a list of non-VBV BINS. In this
short post, I will show you a list of non-vbv bins that you can use for free,
and the way to bypass OTP.  
  
Carding is evolving and you have to improve your method to be able to beat
security. Payments industries continue to add additional protocols of security
to ensure that cards used on the internet are secured.  
  
The common methods include sending OTPs to registered email addresses of
cards, sending OTP as text messages to phones of users to verify the card
owner as they perform transactions online.  
  
Unfortunately, not all cards have this function and level of protection, and
this is where we exploit to make the money. The cards that we use for carding
are called non-VBV or non-MSC cards.  
  
These are some of the terms you will encounter when working with a non-VBV
bins. Some of these terms are.  
  
VBV means Verified by Visa. Also known as VBV/3D, it is an extra level of
online protection some credit and debit cards have. Such cards require the
owner of the card to confirm transactions from any preferred channel before
payment is authorized between merchants. Preferred channels can include SMS,
email, or call where they get the OTP |to be explained later| or a request to
provide an answer to their personal security question.  
  
Another security layer might be for the card owner to input their Social
Security Number, Date of Birth |DOB|, or password.  
  
A non-VBV card does not possess this extra information required from card
owners, which makes it the best card for carding.
Refund policy
Please understand I am not here to hold your hand through this. Ultimately you
are responsible for your own setup and your own method. All items especially
card details are checked and confirmed live before being shipped out to you.
Replacements/refunds outside the day you actually received and attempted to
use the goods will not be permitted. Due to my strict checking policy I will
only offer a replacement or refund under the following conditions:  
  
1.Same day return - If you believe the card is dead and keeps declining on
your method message me as soon as possible. Replacement time is 2 hours and
you need to provide cc checker result before getting replacement or refund.  
  
2.Only finalized orders are considered received. Return window is 24h from
finalization date/time. 3.Burden of proof. Please submit link to a screenshot
showing the card declining on netflix or other popular free trial websites. I
will also accept luxchecker results if you prefer. *** If you send me a
message 3 days after I ship your order complaining that the card is dead and I
see you still have not finalized consider any refund/reship policy null and
void. All returns (even the stupid ones) will be handled on a case to case
basis to ensure customer satisfaction.  
  
4\. Triggering the security features during a login attempt is not a reason
for a replacement. This only happens on your end. I have no control over this.
If your system is not prepared efficiently before your login attempt you have
a very good chance of triggering the security feature. If you do not know how
to do this contact me politely and i will gladly help you for free.
