TITLE: Protect your PC - Zemana AntiLogger | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Protect your PC - Zemana AntiLogger | Nemesis Market     
  Other  » Other
Protect your PC - Zemana AntiLogger
g3cko
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 415
Sales: 2954
1.98 USD
Posted 8 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Zemana AntiLogger aggressively combats keyloggers of all types. Using this
anti-keylogger software, you can secure your financial information and keep
your personal life private.  
TopTenREVIEWS - Silver Award - Awarded for excellence in design, usability and
feature set  
TopTenREVIEWS - Excellence Award - Awarded for excellence in design, usability
and feature set  
  
Zemana AntiLogger excels at fighting the most malicious type of keyloggers –
financial malware. Financial malware's sole purpose is to obtain your logins,
passwords, credit card numbers and banking information, as well as valuable
accounts such as stock trading accounts. Once that information is obtained, it
is often sold to the highest bidder. Using our Top Ten Reviews Silver Award
winning anti-keylogger software, you can thwart malicious keyloggers and
maintain your privacy.  
  
This anti-keylogger also includes a unique technology called IntelliGuard.
While most anti-keyloggers rely on known malware definitions and behavioral
analysis of suspicious-acting elements, Zemana includes IntelliGuard, which is
a cloud-based, always-up-to-date technology that stays abreast of the newest
keylogging malware. It scans for threats using 40 malware databases to keep
your computer and privacy secure. The software also includes tools to secure
the hardware elements of your PC or laptop, such as the webcam and microphone.  
  
This keylogger protection software battles all types of keyloggers, including
those that obtain your personal information from the clipboard. It also blocks
the technologies people use to turn on your webcam to spy on you and the
applications that record from your microphone to gather private VoIP
conversations. Many anti-keyloggers use virtual keyboards in an attempt to
circumvent keyloggers; however, screen-capturing malware can obtain passwords
using this method. Zemana can identify and block screen-capturing malware.  
  
Zemana also has the ability to combat stealth malware that attempts to alter
your system. This anti-keylogger actively monitors things such as rootkit
installations, thread context, physical memory access, hooks, remote threads,
DLL injections, kernel driver loading and system registry modifications. If
the software notices anything suspicious, it will ask you if the process is
something you purposely want to allow access. It can also identify purposely
installed spyware or keylogger software. Keylogging or spyware software is
often intentionally installed by suspicious loved ones or curious associates.
Sometimes it is used to steal passwords, and other times to verify doubts.
Zemana can discover and block this type of software to keep your private life
private.  
  
While turning on your webcam may not be able to steal your passwords, it is a
critical threat to block. Zemana is one of the first anti-keylogging software
to provide protection against this type of malware. Sadly, this type of threat
does exist, and unsuspecting PC users – and even children – have been
monitored and spied on. We recommend that you cover the camera when it's not
in use and that you use a product such as Zemana to block access. Zemana can
keep your private video conversations truly private.  
  
Since Zemana is intended to add an additional layer of protection rather than
replace antivirus software, it has been extensively tested for compatibility
with popular security software. Unlike most software vendors that claim their
software is compatible with most security software, Zemana actually publishes
a list of the software it has tested AntiLogger with. Zemana has been tested
while running with nearly 50 security products and has been proven to
successfully work with Trend Micro, Webroot, Kaspersky, ESET, AVG,
Bitdefender, F-Secure and Avast. Compatibility tests were run using Windows
XP, Vista, 7 and 8, both the 32- and 64-bit versions. AntiLogger is even
compatible with the keystroke encryption software KeyScrambler. AntiLogger
only requires 50MB of disk space and 256MB of memory to run.  
  
Zemana can successfully block financial malware, in-the-wild keyloggers,
installed keylogger software and hardware access. It works with most major
security products and runs on all Windows-based operating systems, including
64-bit versions of Windows 7 and 8. This anti-keylogger software is at the top
of its game and is one of the best keylogger protection applications on the
market.  
  
We decline any responsibility on the use you will have with our products.  
Product sold for informational purposes only.  
Everyone is free to choose their use...
