TITLE: Racemic Ketamine Powder - Australia local delivery (0.5 gram) | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Racemic Ketamine Powder - Australia local delivery (0.5 gram) | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Dissociatives  » Ketamine
Racemic Ketamine Powder - Australia local delivery (0.5 gram)
commissionerau
Rating: 0 out of 5
Reviews: 0
Sales: 0
95 AUD
Shipping from Australia to Australia
Shipping methods:  Parcel Post (Regular) with tracking ― 3 day ― 9.95 AUD
Express WITH TRACKING ― 2 day ― 19.95 AUD
Posted 11 hours ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
R-Ketamine - Racemic Ketamine is the ideal type Ketamine to dose if you want
to maximize antidepressant effects and minimize dissociative and
psychotomimetic effects.  
  
Ketamine is the perfect staple drug for parties and raves! It is usually
combined with other drugs to achieve desirable effects. Dosed right, K has a
stimulating effect that can keep an after-party going into the wee hours of
the morning.  
  
Ketamine Effects:  
  
* Feeling Happy yet relaxed  
* High and detached from your body  
* Excited heart rate  
* Low sensitivity to pain  
  
Ketamine time and time again has proven positive effects for mental health and
depression.  
  
Ketamine has powerful effects against depression and suicidal thoughts. If a
person responds to ketamine, it can rapidly reduce suicidality (life-
threatening thoughts and acts) and relieve other serious symptoms of
depression. Ketamine also can be effective for treating depression combined
with anxiety. Ketamine has a robust and rapid effect on depression, which was
seen immediately after the administration of ketamine and sustained at the end
of 1 month and this is backed up by countless worldwide research.  
  
Composition, Dosage and Administration:  
  
Dosage: sniffed  
  
Light: 10 to 30 mg  
Normal: 30 to 75 mg  
Strong: 75 to 150 mg  
Very Strong: more than 150mg  
  
Harm Reduction:  
  
Ketamine is bad for your bladder. Green tea fixes that. Drink it 1h prior to
Ketamine consumption.  
  
Ketamine is considered to have moderate to high abuse potential. Chronic use
is associated with escalating tolerance and psychological dependence.
Additionally, the physical health effects of chronic use are not well known.
There is growing evidence that chronic use causes bladder and urinary tract
dysfunction. Additionally, chronic use has been linked with cognitive
impairment which may indicate neurotoxicity. There is also some evidence that
it may function as an antibiotic. As a result, it is highly advised to use
harm reduction practices if using this substance.  
  
Professional and Stealth Delivery:  
  
We value your safety and satisfaction first and foremost.  
  
Upon ordering, we will need your address (Place it encrypted on the order  
details pane)  
  
Preferably in this format:  
  
1\. Receiver Name  
2\. Street Address  
3\. City  
4\. State and Post Code  
  
We ship daily. We ship daily. Everybody is eligible for tracking just feel
free to ask for it.
Refund policy
Return Policy:  
  
Please pay close attention to our very fair return policy:  
  
1\. Once something is wrong with your order please contact us right away.  
2\. We will be conducting an investigation which will be very quick. We  
will just be double checking delivery address and other details on your  
end as well as checking the shipping and tracking on our end.  
3\. If it is proven to be your fault then you are not eligible for reship  
or refund.  
4\. If it is proven to be our fault then we will either reship you  
in full.  
5\. We cannot be able to reship twice if the mistake was evident on your end.  
  
* Reships are subjective based on certain disputed issues which will most likely result into 0% 50% or 100% reship  
* Change of decision, disliking the product and other inconclusive reasons from customers does not qualify them for a reship. 
