TITLE: ID Photos Pro - perfect tool for fake documents | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
ID Photos Pro - perfect tool for fake documents | Nemesis Market     
  
Fraud  » Other
ID Photos Pro - perfect tool for fake documents
HakunaMatataa
Rating: 4 out of 5
Reviews: 60
Sales: 302
4.62 USD
Posted 11 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
A efficient and straightforward piece of software specifically designed to
help you create professional ID photos in a couple of steps  
  
IdPhotos Pro is a complex software application that provides you with
professional tools to process images for passports, visas and various types of
ID cards in order to meet the international requirements and regulations of
most countries.  
Friendly and intuitive layout  
  
The interface of the application is user-friendly and easy to understand
mainly because it is based on a step-by-step guide that walks you through all
of the application's features.  
  
Once you open the application, you can select the country and the type of ID
form you want to create, then you can load a photo of yourself or the person
you want to create the ID card for. Depending on which country you choose,
more ID photo samples are available. If you frequently use some of them, you
have the possibility to add them to your favorites list for easy access and
manipulation.  
Powerful face recognition algorithm  
  
IdPhotos Pro comes equipped with an advanced face recognition algorithm that
automatically detects the face of a person and its biometric features. For
situations when your photo does not meet the predefined standard requirements,
you have the possibility to reposition the eyes and apply picture rotation
corrections in order to align the face perfectly. This procedure might take a
while for inexperienced users, otherwise if the aforementioned adjustments are
not required, the process takes only a few seconds.  
Adjust colors and improve image quality  
  
IdPhotos Pro features a set of tools that allow you to adjust colors as to
perfectly reproduce skin tones, change saturation, brightness, gamma,
sharpness and contrast levels, as well as take advantage of the powerful photo
retouch function.  
  
Furthermore, you can export the processed image to a file, burn it on a disc,
print it or send it by email to a client.  
Professional ID photo editor  
  
To sum it up, IdPhotos Pro is a powerful software utility that aims to offer
you the means to create professional ID documents, such as visas, ID cards and
passports, that respect the current international standards and regulations.
Additionally, the application features a comprehensive user manual and a few
online video tutorials that help you understand the program's functionality
and features.  
  
We decline any responsibility on the use you will have with our products.  
Product sold for informational purposes only.  
Everyone is free to choose their use...
