TITLE: WiFiSlax v4.1 Final WiFi Hack BootCD Super Lite Iso Size-254 - Instant Delivery | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
WiFiSlax v4.1 Final WiFi Hack BootCD Super Lite Iso Size-254 - Instant Delivery | Nemesis Market     
  
Other  » Guides and Tutorials
WiFiSlax v4.1 Final WiFi Hack BootCD Super Lite Iso Size-254 - Instant
Delivery
HarleyQuinn
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 971
Sales: 9853
2.99 USD
Posted 1 year ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
WiFiSlax v4.1 Final WiFi Hack BootCD Super Lite Iso Size-254 - Instant
Delivery  
  
  
IMPORTANT! -100% Guarantee! if the method/software is not working anymore, you
can choose 5 items from my shop!  
IMPORTANT! -Instant Delivery!  
IMPORTANT! -Request your bonus after positive feedback!  
  
  
  
Item description:  
Wifislax Cracking Software  
  
Wifislax is a Linux distribution, focused on WiFi security, based on Slax  
and the whole production upon the BackTrack distribution, which provides a  
set of tools, drivers and functionalities with which every needed test on  
the field of wireless security can be conducted.  
  
The main aim of Wifislax is to enable its users, both professional and home  
users, to check the level of security in WiFi deployments, by means of  
different tests and reviews provided by the incorporated applications.  
  
One of the most interesting and useful aspects of Wifislax is the set of  
incorporated drivers which support the chipsets in the wireless cards used  
in the devices, for instance the ipw2200 drivers, the r73 in the USB cards  
with chipset ratlink, or the rt61 in the new PCI, which lack of support in  
other distributions. Besides, both menus and tools have been translated  
into Spanish, which is a very important matter when being operated by  
beginner users.  
  
BackTrack tools are organized in these groups:  
\- Blue-tooth.  
\- Chipset.  
\- Current and Classic Suite.  
\- Wireless.  
\- Networks Security and Assistance.  
\- Encryption.  
\- Complements.  
\- Browsers.  
  
Wifislax brings a wide range of possibilities when testing different  
aspects in WiFi security, access passwords quality, MAC change, wireless  
configuration, automatic connection, and networks cookbook, decryption,  
bluetooth scanner, etc.  
  
As it is developed for BackTrack, Wifislax includes all the tools in this  
distribution, besides broadening those related to wireless and bluetooth,  
in terms of number and functionality. Although most tools are operated by a  
command console, graphic launchers, translated into English for a better  
understanding and usage, are also included.
