TITLE: I will teach you EWHORING LATEST GUIDE | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
I will teach you EWHORING LATEST GUIDE | Nemesis Market     
  Other  » Guides and Tutorials
I will teach you EWHORING LATEST GUIDE
genesis
Rating: 4 out of 5
Reviews: 66
Sales: 283
22 USD
Posted 3 weeks ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
E-Whoring is an art. You can not master it, but you can learn it. Every
E-Whore learns, even the most experienced ones. E-Whoring is the art of
pretending to be a girl to sell your body. Making your victim|customer believe
that you are real, to make him buy your pics.
Refund policy
Please understand I am not here to hold your hand through this. Ultimately you
are responsible for your own setup and your own method. All items especially
card details are checked and confirmed live before being shipped out to you.
Replacements/refunds outside the day you actually received and attempted to
use the goods will not be permitted. Due to my strict checking policy I will
only offer a replacement or refund under the following conditions:  
  
1.Same day return - If you believe the card is dead and keeps declining on
your method message me as soon as possible. Replacement time is 2 hours and
you need to provide cc checker result before getting replacement or refund.  
  
2.Only finalized orders are considered received. Return window is 24h from
finalization date/time. 3.Burden of proof. Please submit link to a screenshot
showing the card declining on netflix or other popular free trial websites. I
will also accept luxchecker results if you prefer. *** If you send me a
message 3 days after I ship your order complaining that the card is dead and I
see you still have not finalized consider any refund/reship policy null and
void. All returns (even the stupid ones) will be handled on a case to case
basis to ensure customer satisfaction.  
  
4\. Triggering the security features during a login attempt is not a reason
for a replacement. This only happens on your end. I have no control over this.
If your system is not prepared efficiently before your login attempt you have
a very good chance of triggering the security feature. If you do not know how
to do this contact me politely and i will gladly help you for free.
