TITLE: WarZone Rat CRACKED 🧯 FINALLY | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
WarZone Rat CRACKED 🧯 FINALLY | Nemesis Market     
  Hacking  » Malware/Botnets
WarZone Rat CRACKED 🧯 FINALLY
kudz3
Rating: 4.5 out of 5
Reviews: 58
Sales: 202
25 USD
Posted 4 weeks ago and last time edited at 2022-12-20 08:12:39 UTC
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
🔥New version has HIDDEN BROWSER AKA HVNC. Means you can open victim's browser
remotely and do anything without them noticing.🔥  
  
Full Specs:  
  
✨Native, independent stub  
Stub of this RAT has been written in C++ which makes it independent from .NET
Framework.  
  
✨Cookies Recovery  
Recover cookies from popular Chrome and Firefox in JSON format.  
  
✨Remote Desktop  
Control computers remotely at 60 FPS!  
Use mouse and keyboard to control remote computers.  
Remote Desktop feature is realized with a specially crafted VNC module.  
  
✨Hidden Remote Desktop - HRDP  
Control remote computers invisibly!  
HRDP module allows you to login to the remote machine without anyone knowing.  
You can open the browser even if it is currently opened on the main account.  
  
✨Privilege Escalation - UAC Bypass  
Elevate to Administrator with just 1 click.  
This feature has been tested and proven to work on Windows operating systems
from Windows 7 to even the latest Windows 10.  
  
  
  
✨Remote WebCam  
If the remote computer has a webcam connected, you can view the stream live in
the Remote WebCam module.  
  
✨Password Recovery  
Recover password from popular browsers and email clients in seconds!  
Grabs passwords from the following browsers:  
Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Edge, Epic, UC, QQ, Opera, Blisk, SRWare
Iron, Brave, Vivaldi, Comodo Dragon, Torch, Slimjet, Cent  
Outlook, Thunderbird, Foxmail  
Enable Automatic Password Recovery to receive passwords without touching any
buttons!  
  
✨File Manager  
Upload and Download files at high speed. You can also execute and delete
files.  
  
✨Download & Execute  
Execute files on remote computers.  
  
✨Live Keylogger  
You can view the keys pressed on remote computer in real time.  
  
✨Offline Keylogger  
Enable Offline Keylogger to save keylogs all the time.  
  
✨Remote Shell  
Send commands to the remote computer's CMD.  
  
✨Process Manager  
View and kill processes using Process Manager.  
  
✨Reverse Proxy  
Browse the Internet with the remote computer's IP address!  
  
✨Automatic Tasks  
Automatic Tasks are executed when client connects to your WARZONE Server.  
\- Automatic Password Recovery  
\- Automatic HRDP installation and Exposure to WAN  
\- Automatic Download and Execute.  
  
✨Mass Execute  
Download and execute your file on all the connected clients with one click.  
  
✨Smart Updater  
You use Smart Updater to update your WARZONE RAT file on all the clients AND
new clients until you disable the Smart Updater.  
Smart Updater is going to uninstall the old file only if the new file has been
executed successfully AND if  
the new file has successfully connected to your WARZONE Server.  
  
✨HRDP WAN Direct Connection  
Expose HRDP to the Internet, WAN.  
You can connect directly to the public IP without reverse proxy.  
  
✨Persistence  
Persistence protects the process and the file.  
When process or file gets deleted, they will be recovered.  
  
✨Windows Defender Bypass  
WARZONE Client will add itself to exclusions once it executes.  
This will prevent Windows Defender from scanning your WARZONE Client.  
  
  
Educational purposes only.
Refund policy
WILL NOT help, replace or refund if you dispute without DMing me.  
  
My DM is always open for such cases, always willing and open for help.
