TITLE: GREEN CRACK | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
GREEN CRACK | Nemesis Market     
    
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Buds and Flowers
GREEN CRACK
O
ozbabe
Rating: 4.6 out of 5
Reviews: 1622
Sales: 3674
3.5 g
66 AUD
7 g
119 AUD
14 g
195 AUD
28 g
365 AUD
56 g
720 AUD
112 g
1355 AUD
Shipping from Australia to Australia
Shipping methods:  Express Stealth ― 5 day ― 15 AUD  Regular Stealth ― 7 day ―
12 AUD
Not available
♡
Posted 1 year ago and last time edited at 2022-04-22 02:13:13 UTC
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
GREEN CRACK - SATIVA - MULTIPLE LISTINGS  
  
The product will speak for itself  
  
-Weed comes uncompressed, doubled sealed and stealth  
-NO PGR USED  
-Fully cured  
-Australian grown by old school blokes  
-Always on weight and trimmed up.  
-Its just great quality  
  
  
About Green Crack  
  
Sometimes shock value can be a big asset when naming and marketing strains.
Originally called Cush, this strain was re-dubbed Green Crack by none other
than cannabis connoisseur Snoop Dogg after he sampled its intense sativa
effects. Although some still prefer the name Cush to sidestep any unwanted
cannabis stigma, the love for this fruity and earthy strain is unanimous.
Green Cracks origins are disputed -- originally bred in Athens, GA in the
1970s, it is descended from the ever-popular Skunk #1, but it may also have
some Afghani landrace indica in its background. It delivers a trippy and
energetic high thats perfect for daytime use. Its potency -- Green Crack
averages 16% THC content -- ensures that youll feel uplifted for hours to
come.  
  
Green Crack has a classically indica bud structure, with dense buds that are
more small and clustered than chunky. The leaves are pale green to yellow,
although the pigments in some phenotypes can cause some leaves to be streaked
with purple when plants are exposed to cold during the growing process. Rust-
colored pistils stand out against the colorful flowers. The buds are also
coated in milky-white trichomes, giving them a sticky texture and a glistening
appearance. This visual appeal is matched by a dynamic scent. Cured properly,
the flowers have a bright citrus scent with mellow undertones of earthiness
and wood. The smoke is very smooth, and leaves a tang at the top of the palate
and the back of the tongue, reminiscent of mango. On the exhale, smoke tastes
vaguely hashy and spicy, perhaps evidence of Afghani in its lineage.  
  
Despite mostly indica physical characteristics, Green Crack has a strong and
buzzy sativa high. It provides users with a boost of energy that soon
manifests as a cerebral mindset, making this an excellent wake and bake
strain. Green Cracks potency can make mundane like dishes and laundry tasks
more interesting. Its also an inspiring smoke -- its sharp sense of focus can
help users zero in on creative projects or can draw attention to the nuances
in a piece of music or a movie. Green Crack can also have some slightly
psychedelic effects, including visual distortions and, particularly, an odd
sense of time dilation. Because it can leave users feeling uplifted and fairly
wired, this strain isnt recommended for use late at night. Because it doesnt
have many physically relaxing indica properties, Green Crack doesnt have a
wide range of medical benefits. However, its energizing effects can be great
for freeing users from fatigue. Green Crack can also aid those suffering from
anxiety and depression, helping them to live in the moment -- although in
large enough doses, the tendency towards recursive cerebral thinking can
plunge some into panic or paranoia.  
  
Green Crack is a relatively easy strain to grow, and a good choice for
newcomers to cultivation. It can flourish indoors or out, although outdoor
growing requires a stable source of sunlight and consistent temperatures
between 72 and 80 degrees Fahrenheit. Its more easily grown indoors where
conditions can be controlled. Plants can reach between 3 and 4 feet tall with
strong lateral branching. Growers should practice topping when growing these
plants, which involves trimming broad leaves at the top of the plant to allow
light to reach the lower stalks and produce as many buds as possible. Green
Crack flowers relatively quickly for a sativa, reaching maturity between 7 and
8 weeks when grown inside and ready for harvest in October when grown
outdoors. The yield is average but solid, producing about 41 to 46 grams (or
about 1.4 to 1.6 ounces) per square footage of plant. Growers should also take
care to properly cure the harvested buds in order to preserve Green Cracks
taste and potency -- curing involves first drying the buds by hanging them
upside down for about a week in a room that maintains 50% humidity and a
consistent temperature of 70 degree Fahrenheit and then sealing the dried buds
in wide-mouthed jars in ambient surroundings of 70 degrees Fahrenheit and
between 60-65% humidity.
Refund policy
-100% refund or reship offered on all products to all states.  
-no refund offered if you provide wrong address 
__ Sort comments by Top New
N
__ __
Nemetrois 1 4 months ago
deleted at 2022-09-06 02:17:25 UTC
