TITLE: Adderall AD30 Orange Smart Drug Nootropic - 30mg (5 tabs) | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Adderall AD30 Orange Smart Drug Nootropic - 30mg (5 tabs) | Nemesis Market     
    
Drugs  » Stimulants  » Adderall
Adderall AD30 Orange Smart Drug Nootropic - 30mg (5 tabs)
cannedgoods
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 177
Sales: 378
39 USD
Shipping from United States to United States
Shipping methods:  USPS Priority Post ― 3 day ― 14 USD
Posted 5 months ago and last time edited at 2022-10-03 12:58:45 UTC
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Each of our orange adderall tab is dosed with 30mg Amphetamines.  
  
5 tabs sample pack is our smallest amount offering. This is perfect for buyers
who would  
want to try out our tabs first before ordering in bulk.  
  
*** FE Listing ***  
  
All FE listings are normal priced. My trust levels are way over the top so it
would not be an issue. Thank you so much once again for your patronage! CG
team will always take good care of ya!  
  
:::::::::::: CANNEDGOODS SHOP ::::::::::::  
  
Cannedgoods is a melding of the best minds in the game with great  
experience in specializing with cannabis, psychedelics, benzos and  
RC Chems.  
  
Expect only the best products and the best professional service from us.  
  
:::::::::::: Adderall Orange Smart Drug Nootropic - 30mg ::::::::::::  
  
  
Adderall is a prescription nootropic. Adderall can help increase your ability
to pay attention, stay focused on an activity, and control behavior problems.  
It may also help you to organize your tasks and improve listening skills.
Adderall works by increasing the availability of the brain chemicals dopamine
and noradrenaline within your prefrontal cortex, an area of your brain that
controls working memory, attention and behavior.  
  
This drug is also used to treat a certain sleeping disorder (narcolepsy) to
help you stay awake during the day. It should not be used to treat tiredness
or to hold off sleep in people who do not have a sleep disorder.  
  
We incorporate high quality industrial grade volumetric dosing and mixing
system for each of our  
tabs before they even go into our press. Each 30mg orange adderall tab is
dosed with 30mg Amphetamines.  
  
The amphetamines found in Adderall make people feel more awake, attentive and
optimistic. They also reduce appetite.  
  
A review of 48 studies found that Adderall significantly improved people’s
ability to control their behavior and enhanced short-term memory.  
  
Each of the team members have placed a hefty investment financially as well as
time  
and knowledge to pull this off therefore expect the cannedgoods team as your  
supplier for adderall tabs in the long term.  
  
Dosage and Administration:  
  
Take 1 adderall tab - The effects last up to 12 hours.  
  
Prescription smart drugs, such as Adderall and Ritalin, have the strongest and
most significant effects on memory and attention. However, take note these  
are also addictive so make sure to take moderately as with all things in life.  
  
:::::::::::: PROFESSIONAL AND STEALTHY DELIVERY ::::::::::::  
  
We value your safety and satisfaction first and foremost.  
  
1\. ZERO logs kept for safety and anonymity.  
2\. Superb customer service!  
3\. Great product quality from a highly reputable vendor and solid plug.  
  
Upon ordering, we will need your address (Place it encrypted on the order  
details pane)  
  
Preferably in this format:  
  
1\. Receivers First name and Last name  
2\. City Address  
3\. State Address  
4\. Post Code  
  
We ship daily. If you order is processed beyond the cut-off period for the  
day then we will be shipping it on the next day.  
  
  
:::::::::::: TERMS, CONDITIONS AND POLICIES ::::::::::::  
  
You are assured of very high quality bars  
  
Return Policy:  
  
Please pay close attention to our very fair return policy:  
  
1\. Once something is wrong with your order please contact us right away.  
2\. We will be conducting an investigation which will be very quick. We  
will just be double checking delivery address and other details on your  
end as well as checking the shipping and tracking on our end.  
3\. If it is proven to be your fault then you are not eligible for reship  
or refund.  
4\. If it is proven to be our fault then we will either reship or refund you  
in full depending on your preference.  
  
Turnaround Time:  
  
Please take note of the delivery turnaround times for each postal option we  
offer. If it has been a few days beyond the allotted time frame and your order  
has not yet been received feel free to contact us and resolve the issue.  
  
Contact Details:  
  
If at any time you feel that there is something we could do better,  
or have done wrong, please feel free to let us know so that we can take  
appropriate action to accommodate you, and do whatever is needed to rectify  
the situation.  
  
We are here to run a professional business. We ask that the customer  
acts accordingly.  
  
By the same token, we are well aware of the dangers inherent in this business  
environment, and will not respond to blackmail, bullying, threats, or any
other  
acts of injury, sabotage or other illicit activity.  
  
All inquiries, suggestions and ideas are welcome!  
  
You can contact me here on the market via PM.  
  
:::::::::::: OTHERS ::::::::::::  
  
Open for partnership opportunities feel free to reach out via PM if  
you have any questions or are interested in some partnerships.
Refund policy
You are assured of very high quality bars  
  
Return Policy:  
  
Please pay close attention to our very fair return policy:  
  
1\. Once something is wrong with your order please contact us right away.  
2\. We will be conducting an investigation which will be very quick. We  
will just be double checking delivery address and other details on your  
end as well as checking the shipping and tracking on our end.  
3\. If it is proven to be your fault then you are not eligible for reship  
or refund.  
4\. If it is proven to be our fault then we will either reship or refund you  
in full depending on your preference.
__ Sort comments by Top New
C
__ __
CheyenneRed100s 1 3 months ago
Hello,  
Please send me tracking information for my order, if available.  
  
Thanks!
T
__ __
Tca44 1 4 months ago
deleted at 2022-08-15 00:15:15 UTC
T
__ __
Tca44 1 5 months ago
deleted at 2022-08-14 16:17:26 UTC
__ __
cannedgoods 1 V OP 4 months ago
What are you using? Most likely 10 day withdrawal holds are for new accounts.
You can use localbitcoin or localmonero to buy BTC or XMR. Hope this helps.
Message me direct if you need anything else brother.
T
__ __
Tca44 1 4 months ago
Hi, can I get tracking info ? Please dm if possible
T
__ __
Tca44 1 4 months ago
deleted at 2022-08-09 03:04:50 UTC
