TITLE: Cannedgoods 125ug LSD tabs - Perfect for microdosing (25 Tabs) Escrow Listing | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Cannedgoods 125ug LSD tabs - Perfect for microdosing (25 Tabs) Escrow Listing | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Psychedelics  » LSD
Cannedgoods 125ug LSD tabs - Perfect for microdosing (25 Tabs) Escrow Listing
cannedgoods
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 177
Sales: 370
140 USD
Shipping from United States to United States
Shipping methods:  USPS Priority Post ― 3 day ― 14 USD
Posted 3 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
These LSD tabs are laid with 125ug of pure Lysergic Acid Diethylamide. Lots of
our clients love its good clean high!  
These are our signature 5 Dollar LSD tabs perfect for normal day to day use
and also for microdosing.  
  
*** Escrow Listing ***  
  
All FE listings are normal priced. However, all escrow listings will have 15%
premium because of escrow funds piling up and the volatility of BTC and XMR.
Hope all my precious buyers understand that nothing has changed at all you
just have two options, escrow and FE listings and my trust levels are way over
the top so it would not be an issue. Thank you so much once again for your
patronage! CG team will always take good care of ya!  
  
:::::::::::: CANNEDGOODS SHOP ::::::::::::  
  
Cannedgoods is a melding of the best minds in the game with great  
experience in specializing with cannabis, psychedelics, benzos and  
RC Chems.  
  
Expect only the best products and the best professional service from us.  
  
:::::::::::: Cannedgoods 125ug LSD - 5 Dollar LSD tabs ::::::::::::  
  
These tabs are just at the right dose perfect for everyday. Cannedgoods LSD is
as good and clean as it gets.  
When taken correctly as well as when taken in small doses, it can produce
awesome benefits for the body such as:  
  
* enhance cognitive processes and abilities  
* increase energy levels  
* improve emotional balance and mood  
* reduced anxiety  
* help treat depression  
* help treat addiction and reduce substance misuse  
* help reduce pain  
* help improve migraine and cluster headaches  
* help reduce symptoms of attention deficit disorder  
* enhance self-careTrusted Source  
* enhance senses  
* improve cardiovascular endurance  
* increase sleep quality  
* reduce sensitivity to trauma  
  
LSD Microdosing tips:  
  
Microdosing is a common medical process wherein an individual takes is small
100-125 micrograms dosages of  
psychedelics such as LSD, It has a lot of beneficial effects to the body and
people tend to follow one of three microdosing rules:  
  
* taking microdoses for two consecutive days following two consecutive days of nondosing  
* taking microdoses Monday through Friday and not any on the weekends  
* taking microdoses every other day  
  
:::::::::::: PROFESSIONAL AND STEALTHY DELIVERY ::::::::::::  
  
We value your safety and satisfaction first and foremost.  
  
1\. ZERO logs kept for safety and anonymity.  
2\. Superb customer service!  
3\. Great product quality from a highly reputable vendor and solid plug.  
  
Upon ordering, we will need your address (Place it encrypted on the order  
details pane)  
  
Preferably in this format:  
  
1\. Receivers First name and Last name  
2\. City Address  
3\. State Address  
4\. Post Code  
  
We ship daily. If you order is processed beyond the cut-off period for the  
day then we will be shipping it on the next day.  
  
  
:::::::::::: TERMS, CONDITIONS AND POLICIES ::::::::::::  
  
Return Policy:  
  
Please pay close attention to our very fair return policy:  
  
1\. Once something is wrong with your order please contact us right away.  
2\. We will be conducting an investigation which will be very quick. We  
will just be double checking delivery address and other details on your  
end as well as checking the shipping and tracking on our end.  
3\. If it is proven to be your fault then you are not eligible for reship  
or refund.  
4\. If it is proven to be our fault then we will either reship or refund you  
in full depending on your preference.  
  
You cannot go wrong with the quality of Cannedgoods products.  
  
Turnaround Time:  
  
Please take note of the delivery turnaround times for each postal option we  
offer. If it has been a few days beyond the allotted time frame and your order  
has not yet been received feel free to contact us and resolve the issue.  
  
Contact Details:  
  
If at any time you feel that there is something we could do better,  
or have done wrong, please feel free to let us know so that we can take  
appropriate action to accommodate you, and do whatever is needed to rectify  
the situation.  
  
We are here to run a professional business. We ask that the customer  
acts accordingly.  
  
By the same token, we are well aware of the dangers inherent in this business  
environment, and will not respond to blackmail, bullying, threats, or any
other  
acts of injury, sabotage or other illicit activity.  
  
All inquiries, suggestions and ideas are welcome!  
  
You can contact me here on the market via PM.  
  
:::::::::::: OTHERS ::::::::::::  
  
Open for partnership opportunities feel free to reach out via PM if  
you have any questions or are interested in some partnerships.
Refund policy
Return Policy:  
  
Please pay close attention to our very fair return policy:  
  
1\. Once something is wrong with your order please contact us right away.  
2\. We will be conducting an investigation which will be very quick. We  
will just be double checking delivery address and other details on your  
end as well as checking the shipping and tracking on our end.  
3\. If it is proven to be your fault then you are not eligible for reship  
or refund.  
4\. If it is proven to be our fault then we will either reship or refund you  
in full depending on your preference.  
  
You cannot go wrong with the quality of Cannedgoods products.
