TITLE: 75tabs of Mickey Mouse LSD 250ug FREE NDD - UK | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
75tabs of Mickey Mouse LSD 250ug FREE NDD - UK | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Benzodiazepine (Benzos)  » Pills
75tabs of Mickey Mouse LSD 250ug FREE NDD - UK
S
SimpleMeds
Rating: 4.9 out of 5
Reviews: 33
Sales: 42
300 GBP
Shipping from United Kingdom to United Kingdom
Shipping methods:  ― 1 day ― 0 GBP
Vendor on vacation
♡
This item is listed as an escrow. The order process is as follows:
  * After the buyer has placed an order, the vendor has 5 days to accept or reject the order.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't accept the order within 5 days.
  * If the buyer doesn't want to wait 5 days, there will be a cancel button after 48 hours to cancel the order and get a full refund.
  * After the order got accepted, the vendor has 5 days to ship. The buyer can not cancel the order at this point.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't ship the order within 5 days.
  * After the vendor ships the order, the buyer must wait for the delivery time specified with the selected shipping method.
  * If the buyer didn't receive the order within the delivery time, the buyer has 10 days to open a dispute.
  * After the order got finalized, the buyer can leave a review.
  * If you have any questions, leave a comment or create a post on our forum.
Posted 5 months ago and last time edited at 2022-08-13 12:52:27 UTC
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
MICKEY MOUSE LSD  
250ug LSD tabs  
High Quality, Lab Tested  
Free Shipping  
ORDER NOW, RECIEVE TOMORROW.!!!!!  
  
This LSD is our passion that we put all our energy and effort into, its this
LSD that we are sure it is the real thing. We always provide the highest
quality molecule, and this is one of the best we have seen. Guaranteed to melt
your face! It is white, crystalline and clean! DanceSafe is what we use and
prefer. It Comes on a variety of perforated prints that are always rotating.
Contact us for oreders.  
  
All of our products are vacuum sealed, then sealed in very thick 4.5mil mylar,
with decoy. We make sure all of our vacuum seals are tight. Our priority is
absolute stealth and security. We can assure that all of our products come
from our own hands, our product. We make it a point to carry ourselves at the
gold standard. Our sources are 100% and so is our quality. We do this because
we love this and we will only provide the best quality psychedelics to allow
for the best experience that we possibly can in sharing these molecules.  
  
If the LSD press is out of stock a simillar press with the exact same dosage
will be sent
Refund policy
Refer to our Terms and Conditions..
