TITLE: Green Hulks S903 - 3.2mg Clonazolam (20 Bars) - Escrow Listing | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Green Hulks S903 - 3.2mg Clonazolam (20 Bars) - Escrow Listing | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Benzodiazepine (Benzos)  » Pills
Green Hulks S903 - 3.2mg Clonazolam (20 Bars) - Escrow Listing
cannedgoods
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 177
Sales: 368
55 USD
Shipping from United States to United States
Shipping methods:  USPS Priority Post ― 3 day ― 14 USD
Posted 3 months ago and last time edited at 2022-10-03 12:35:43 UTC
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Clonazolam bars greens S903 press and dosed at 3.2mg Clonazolam per bar  
  
*** Escrow Listing ***  
  
All FE listings are normal priced. However, all escrow listings will have 15%
premium because of escrow funds piling up and the volatility of BTC and XMR.
Hope all my precious buyers understand that nothing has changed at all you
just have two options, escrow and FE listings and my trust levels are way over
the top so it would not be an issue. Thank you so much once again for your
patronage! CG team will always take good care of ya!  
  
20 Bars sample pack is our smallest amount offering. This is perfect for
buyers who would  
want to try out our bars first before ordering in bulk.  
  
:::::::::::: CANNEDGOODS SHOP ::::::::::::  
  
Cannedgoods is a melding of the best minds in the game with great  
experience in specializing with cannabis, psychedelics, benzos and  
RC Chems.  
  
Expect only the best products and the best professional service from us.  
  
:::::::::::: Green Hulks S903 - 3.2mg Clonazolam ::::::::::::  
  
We incorporate high quality industrial grade volumetric dosing and mixing
system for each of our  
bars before they even go into our press. Each Green Hulk S903 bar is pressed
with 3.2mg clonazolam  
which is the strongest in the market right now carefully dosed correctly to
replicate real pharmaceutical bars.  
  
Each of the team members have placed a hefty investment financially as well as
time  
and knowledge to pull this off therefore expect the cannedgoods team to with
your  
supplier for Clonazolam bars in the long term.  
  
Clonazolam (also known as Clonitrazolam) is a novel depressant substance of
the benzodiazepine chemical class which produces  
anxiolytic, sedative, muscle relaxant, and amnesic effects when administered.
Clonazolam is reported to be roughly 2.5x as potent as alprazolam.  
  
However, make sure that you are atleast 2-3 days sober before taking our Clona
bars because it interacts  
with some Benzo and RCs. Always start with lower doses due to differences
between individual body weight, tolerance, metabolism, and personal
sensitivity.  
  
Our 3.2 mg Clonazolam bars are similarly dosed with our best seller 3.2mg
Flualprazolam bars. As a benchmark dose, after sobering up for 2-3 days,  
take half a bar first and then finish the other half as needed. Our 3.2mg
dosage is a strong dose fit for a day but each person is always different.  
  
:::::::::::: PROFESSIONAL AND STEALTHY DELIVERY ::::::::::::  
  
We value your safety and satisfaction first and foremost.  
  
1\. ZERO logs kept for safety and anonymity.  
2\. Superb customer service!  
3\. Great product quality from a highly reputable vendor and solid plug.  
  
Upon ordering, we will need your address (Place it encrypted on the order  
details pane)  
  
Preferably in this format:  
  
1\. Receivers First name and Last name  
2\. City Address  
3\. State Address  
4\. Post Code  
  
We ship daily. If you order is processed beyond the cut-off period for the  
day then we will be shipping it on the next day.  
  
  
:::::::::::: TERMS, CONDITIONS AND POLICIES ::::::::::::  
  
You are assured of very high quality bars  
  
Return Policy:  
  
Please pay close attention to our very fair return policy:  
  
1\. Once something is wrong with your order please contact us right away.  
2\. We will be conducting an investigation which will be very quick. We  
will just be double checking delivery address and other details on your  
end as well as checking the shipping and tracking on our end.  
3\. If it is proven to be your fault then you are not eligible for reship  
or refund.  
4\. If it is proven to be our fault then we will either reship or refund you  
in full depending on your preference.  
  
Turnaround Time:  
  
Please take note of the delivery turnaround times for each postal option we  
offer. If it has been a few days beyond the allotted time frame and your order  
has not yet been received feel free to contact us and resolve the issue.  
  
Contact Details:  
  
If at any time you feel that there is something we could do better,  
or have done wrong, please feel free to let us know so that we can take  
appropriate action to accommodate you, and do whatever is needed to rectify  
the situation.  
  
We are here to run a professional business. We ask that the customer  
acts accordingly.  
  
By the same token, we are well aware of the dangers inherent in this business  
environment, and will not respond to blackmail, bullying, threats, or any
other  
acts of injury, sabotage or other illicit activity.  
  
All inquiries, suggestions and ideas are welcome!  
  
You can contact me here on the market via PM.  
  
:::::::::::: OTHERS ::::::::::::  
  
Open for partnership opportunities feel free to reach out via PM if  
you have any questions or are interested in some partnerships.
Refund policy
You are assured of very high quality bars  
  
Return Policy:  
  
Please pay close attention to our very fair return policy:  
  
1\. Once something is wrong with your order please contact us right away.  
2\. We will be conducting an investigation which will be very quick. We  
will just be double checking delivery address and other details on your  
end as well as checking the shipping and tracking on our end.  
3\. If it is proven to be your fault then you are not eligible for reship  
or refund.  
4\. If it is proven to be our fault then we will either reship or refund you  
in full depending on your preference.
