TITLE: 125g of Grand Daddy Purple - NDD UK | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
125g of Grand Daddy Purple - NDD UK | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Buds and Flowers
125g of Grand Daddy Purple - NDD UK
S
SimpleMeds
Rating: 4.9 out of 5
Reviews: 33
Sales: 42
755 GBP
Shipping from United Kingdom to United Kingdom
Shipping methods:  ― 1 day ― 0 GBP
Vendor on vacation
♡
This item is listed as an escrow. The order process is as follows:
  * After the buyer has placed an order, the vendor has 5 days to accept or reject the order.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't accept the order within 5 days.
  * If the buyer doesn't want to wait 5 days, there will be a cancel button after 48 hours to cancel the order and get a full refund.
  * After the order got accepted, the vendor has 5 days to ship. The buyer can not cancel the order at this point.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't ship the order within 5 days.
  * After the vendor ships the order, the buyer must wait for the delivery time specified with the selected shipping method.
  * If the buyer didn't receive the order within the delivery time, the buyer has 10 days to open a dispute.
  * After the order got finalized, the buyer can leave a review.
  * If you have any questions, leave a comment or create a post on our forum.
Posted 5 months ago and last time edited at 2022-07-31 14:45:49 UTC
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Granddaddy Purple is an indica marijuana strain that goes by many different
names, including "Grand Daddy Purp," "Granddaddy Purps," "GDP," and "Grandaddy
Purple Kush." Popularized in 2003 by Ken Estes, Granddaddy Purple (or GDP) is
a famous indica cross of Mendo Purps, Skunk, and Afghanistan. This California
staple inherits a complex grape and berry aroma from its Mendo Purps and
Afghanistan parent, while Skunk passes on its oversized, compact bud
structure. GDP flowers bloom in shades of deep purple, a contrasting backdrop
for its snow-like dusting of white crystal resin. Its potent effects are
clearly detectable in both mind and body, delivering a fusion of cerebral
euphoria and physical relaxation. While your thoughts may float in a dreamy
buzz, your body is more likely to find itself fixed in one spot for the
duration of GDP’s effects. Granddaddy Purple is typically pulled off the shelf
for consumers looking to combat pain, stress, insomnia, appetite loss, and
muscle spasms.
Refund policy
Please read our profile for refund policy / T&C
