TITLE: 10g of Cannalope Haze  AA++ FREE DELIVERY NDD UK | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
10g of Cannalope Haze  AA++ FREE DELIVERY NDD UK | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Buds and Flowers
10g of Cannalope Haze AA++ FREE DELIVERY NDD UK
S
SimpleMeds
Rating: 4.9 out of 5
Reviews: 33
Sales: 42
95 GBP
Shipping from United Kingdom to United Kingdom
Shipping methods:  ― 1 day ― 0 GBP
Vendor on vacation
♡
This item is listed as an escrow. The order process is as follows:
  * After the buyer has placed an order, the vendor has 5 days to accept or reject the order.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't accept the order within 5 days.
  * If the buyer doesn't want to wait 5 days, there will be a cancel button after 48 hours to cancel the order and get a full refund.
  * After the order got accepted, the vendor has 5 days to ship. The buyer can not cancel the order at this point.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't ship the order within 5 days.
  * After the vendor ships the order, the buyer must wait for the delivery time specified with the selected shipping method.
  * If the buyer didn't receive the order within the delivery time, the buyer has 10 days to open a dispute.
  * After the order got finalized, the buyer can leave a review.
  * If you have any questions, leave a comment or create a post on our forum.
Posted 5 months ago and last time edited at 2022-08-13 11:05:18 UTC
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Cannalope Haze is a sativa dominant strain with a 5:95 indica/sativa ratio.
The strain is popular for its taste and high, which is different from any
other strain you may have come across before. With 20-28% THC content, the
strain offers a body high that is indescribable to say the least. However, it
is recommended for night time use due to its effects. The buds are light green
in color with orange hairs and a thick white crystal coating to go along with
it. It smells exquisite, hazey with a hint of fresh Cannalope fruit. As for
the taste, it is incredibly smooth and fresh all the while offering a heady
high. The strain is not recommended for first time cannabis users. Cannalope
Haze not only calms the body but will activate your mind to perform like never
before.  
  
You may even experience an underlying body buzz with an energy boost. However,
smoking larger doses can cause you to feel lazy and sleepy, which explains why
it is a night time strain. That being said, it is also effective at treating
several medical conditions including migraines, eating disorders, diabetes,
nausea, anxiety, chronic aches and even stress.
Refund policy
Please read our profile for refund policy / T&C
