TITLE: ⭐ WHITE ISOTONITAZENE FREE SHIPPING WORLDWIDE 😊👌 | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
⭐ WHITE ISOTONITAZENE FREE SHIPPING WORLDWIDE 😊👌 | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Opioids  » Other
⭐ WHITE ISOTONITAZENE FREE SHIPPING WORLDWIDE 😊👌
MicroDroper
Rating: 4.7 out of 5
Reviews: 321
Sales: 16478
5 g
1200 USD
10 g
2000 USD
25 g
4200 USD
50 g
7700 USD
100 g
11000 USD
250 g
18800 USD
500 g
25000 USD
1000 g
30000 USD
Shipping from China to World Wide
Shipping methods:  ― 12 day ― 0 USD
Posted 1 month ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Hey, We are MicroDroper team. 7 years in the Dark Market. Over 16k reviews.
100% satisfaction. We are working with TGC labs (tgchemicals.com) and here to
provide for you the best quality of research chemicals on the Darknet. Seems
like Nemesis market is the best market place. Our team hope to have good
relationships in this market and hopefully they will stay up for a long run!  
  
\--------------------------------------------  
  
NOTE:  
  
This is very white isotonitazene. Got great reviews from our customers. If you
want, you can also get great yellow ISOTONITAZENE for some lower price. Please
note, this ISOTONITAZENE we can ship from China to USA even for small amounts
(minimum 5 grams).  
  
Isotonitazene is a benzimidazole derived opioid analgesic drug related to
etonitazene, which has been sold as a designer drug. It has only around half
the potency of etonitazene in animal studies, but this still makes it a
similar strength to fentanyl and its analogues, and consequently isotonitazene
can be expected to pose a significant risk of producing life-threatening
respiratory depression, as well as other typical opioid side effects such as
sedation, itching, nausea and vomiting.  
  
Isotonitazene (obtained from an online vendor) was fully characterized in
November 2019 in a paper where the authors did a full analytical structure
elucidation in addition to determination of the potency at the μ-opioid
receptor using a biological functional assay in vitro. While isotonitazene was
not compared directly to morphine in this assay, it was found to be around
2.5x more potent than hydromorphone and slightly more potent than fentanyl.  
  
  
  
This should be the strongest batch of ISOTONITAZENE. Please note, we can't
handle the color. It should be white as possible. But sometimes can be a
little bit yellowish. Please take it to your attention before you making the
order.
Refund policy
We reship once if the order is seized. Please note, we reship if parcel lost
only if customer left phone number and if it lost before arriving in your
country and passed customs. You have to track you parcel and to make sure you
will pick your parcel. If parcel not picked after 1-2 weeks, they usually
return it but we do not use real address so the parcel will be lost forever.
Just please just pick up your parcel when it's arrived! Shipping takes usually
5-30 days. Depend on the country. We reship only after 45 days.
