TITLE: Mac - Autodesk Autocad 2020 - full cracked version | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Mac - Autodesk Autocad 2020 - full cracked version | Nemesis Market     
  
Other  » Other
Mac - Autodesk Autocad 2020 - full cracked version
g3cko
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 415
Sales: 2954
4 USD
Posted 8 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
AutoCAD 2020: What’s New for 2020!  
  
Hey Everybody, it’s that time of year again, spring is here, the weather is
finally getting nicer (the snow is gone here in Canada! Well at least where I
am.) and we’re getting a new version of AutoCAD, this time it’s 2020.  
  
I’m always excited when new version time comes around, I, like many of you,
have a long list of wishes and wants when it comes to our daily draft software
and I can’t help but look forward to seeing what’s being improved, added and
changed each year. I know that in recent years and with the shift to continual
updates and improvements and not full-blown new versions it’s tough to see the
changes as game changing or something to get excited about but I believe that
AutoCAD is getting better every year and that many of each year’s new features
do improve our overall experience and move us closer to the future of design.  
  
So, let’s get to this years release, AutoCAD 2020. Firstly, the release date
is/was March 27th 2019 which means that while you are reading this you can
already upgrade or try out the trial of the new version right now. Get the
Trial here.  
  
As with all new releases and most software in general, I highly recommend
trying out the trial to get a feeling for the software and to try some of the
new features!  
  
Now, onto some of my favourite new features, I won’t cover every new addition
but wanted to highlight and point out some of the ones I’m most interested to
try out.  
Dark Theme:  
  
Nowadays it seems every app and platform has transitioned to include a dark
theme, this is one popular feature that I am fully behind and supportive of.
I’ve used a similar custom colour scheme in AutoCAD for years and I’m happy
that they’ve finally fully committed and will be including a Dark Theme in the
new releases. I don’t know that a Dark theme is actually any better for you,
your eyes, energy consumption or even workflow in general but I know that I
like it and already use dark theme options in any software it’s available.  
Check out the example of the new theme below and let me know in the comments
if you’ll be trying it out?  
  
Quick Measure Tool:  
  
Next up of my favourite new features is a new tool being added to AutoCAD
2020, the quick measure tool. With it, you can quickly grab dimensioning
information at a glance by simply hovering your mouse over the objects you’d
like to measure. Dimensions, distances, and angles are dynamically displayed
as you move your mouse over and between objects. I think this one could be a
great time saver, especially when just looking to do double checks or take-
offs from drawings.  
  
Redesigned Purge:  
  
Honestly, this one was a long time coming and I’ve always wondered why it
wasn’t implemented years ago. From Autocad “The Purge feature has been
redesigned for easier drawing cleanup. Remove multiple unneeded objects at
once with easy selection and a visual preview area. Check out the Find Non-
Purgeable Items button with a Possible Reasons section, to understand why
certain items can’t be purged.” Simply put, now we’ll be able to see, what’s
getting purged and/or why we can’t purge an object or group of them.  
  
New AutoCAD Partners – Box & Microsoft:  
  
Lastly on my list of interesting new features is the new partnerships with
cloud data providers Box and Microsoft (Onedrive). This is an interesting and
important new move in a good direction for AutoCAD. With the ease and
availability of cloud storage and overall connectivity in computing now, it
makes a ton of sense for our drawings/designs to move to the cloud as well. I
already use Dropbox and Google drive almost daily for this blog, my
videos/articles and personal storage and would love to be able to seamlessly
save a drawing at work and then open it up and continue working from my laptop
or tablet later in the day, at a job site or while away on a trip. This
partnership is a big step forward towards that dream and I am excited to see
where it goes and how it’s implemented, especially with larger drawings
involving multiple references.  
  
Be sure to Check out all the updates and more information about each one on
the official AutoCAD 2020 post here: https://blogs.autodesk.com/autocad
/introducing-autocad-2020-autocad-lt-2020/  
  
Apple Mac OS  
  
We decline any responsibility on the use you will have with our products.  
Product sold for informational purposes only.  
Everyone is free to choose their use...
