TITLE: Undergroundbets pomp and dump scheme invitation | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Undergroundbets pomp and dump scheme invitation | Nemesis Market     
  
Fraud  » Other
Undergroundbets pomp and dump scheme invitation
HakunaMatataa
Rating: 4 out of 5
Reviews: 60
Sales: 302
15 USD
Posted 11 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Undergroundbets pomp and dump scheme invitation  
  
  
  
For those of you who like my products, I am sure you will really LOVE this.
Fuck you will literally cum maybe potentially piss your pants unawares by the
amount of value your gonna get with this invite. This is specifically for all
bosses that wanna join forces with the kings and pump the shit out of any
asset class with our combined billions and collective efforts !  
  
  
  
Introducing...  
  
Undergroundbets pomp and dump scheme startup invitation  
  
Undergroundbets pomp and dump scheme startup invitation is for the following:  
  
a. For bosses who are new or old in the Darknet and would want to make more
extra money the way your regular hedge fund does but in this scenerio shits
fraud kinda different and you will love our tactics.  
  
b. For Anyone including vendors, market admins, dread moderators, wealthy or
poor customers and i mean boss kinda people with a high ,euro, pounds,
sterling net worth with the willingness to loose everything for the mission
and a desire to pump and dump the shit out of some penny stocks or low cap
cryptocurrency in a well organizeddecentralized crime anonymously, baby am
talking money heist here.  
  
c. For those who are interested to learn and practice fraudulent
Cryptocurrencystock investment.  
  
d. For master heist experts who keep their cash under their beds  
  
  
If you have a desire to expand your assets and horizons to a billion cap baby
this is for you  
I came up with the brilliant decentralized idea of creating what no
motherfucker would dare think of here on Darknet.  
  
  
  
What you will get as a part of the group:  
  
1\. You guys remembered what happened at reddit wallstreetbet? You will be
getting just that but this time around it will all be a secret so no
motherfucker can block your access to trade any asset class at that point in
time just like what robinhood did, this time everything will be decentralised
and history will be deleted just incase the feds come knocking.  
  
2\. Catered Cryptocurrency and stock Newsintelligence report weekly
Intelligence with potential outcomes on the market example Coronavirus
breakout from a laboratory in china - we all know this is bearish right? some
doesnt but our news signals simplifies the whole process and elaborates on how
we gonna make it all work in our advantage, With this alone, you are sure to
be able to base your investment decisions on hard facts and market sentiment
and not miss your timing when longing or shorting an asset class.  
  
3\. Technical Analysis Trade Entries  
  
  
  
We offer in depth review and charts on various asset class which are ripe for
entry or exit.  
You will have access to technical analysis data coupled with trend following
to be able to pinpoint the right timing and maximize gain  
  
  
  
4\. Learning via Q and A  
  
  
  
Tap into our knowledge. Feel free to ask us anything with regards to any asset
class.  
If you have more questions, send me a message and lets get started!
__ Sort comments by Top New
T
__ __
TheSpear 1 9 months ago
Is this still valid?
D
__ __
dagwood78 1 8 months ago
...or has anyone who's joined have feedback?
