TITLE: IVERMESTIN ANTIVIRAL COVID 19 MONSTERLAB | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
IVERMESTIN ANTIVIRAL COVID 19 MONSTERLAB | Nemesis Market     
    
Drugs  » Steroids
IVERMESTIN ANTIVIRAL COVID 19 MONSTERLAB
monsterlabstore
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 112
Sales: 377
80 USD
Shipping from Unknown Location to World Wide
Shipping methods:  International flat rate ― 30 day ― 10 USD  International
express ― 14 day ― 70 USD  Already payed 1 shipping ― 30 day ― 0 USD
Posted 7 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
PRODUCT INFO  
  
Read The Spec Sheet Below Before You Buy Ivermectin : 12mg/ml 100 ml.  
  
Proposed Mechanism of Action and Rationale for Use in Patients With COVID-19  
  
Reports from in vitro studies suggest that ivermectin acts by inhibiting the
host importin alpha/beta-1 nuclear transport proteins, which are part of a key
intracellular transport process that viruses hijack to enhance infection by
suppressing the host’s antiviral response.4,5 In addition, ivermectin docking
may interfere with the attachment of the severe acute respiratory syndrome
coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) spike protein to the human cell membrane.6
Ivermectin is thought to be a host-directed agent, which may be the basis for
its broad-spectrum activity in vitro against the viruses that cause dengue,
Zika, HIV, and yellow fever.4,7-9 Despite this in vitro activity, no clinical
trials have reported a clinical benefit for ivermectin in patients with these
viruses. Some studies of ivermectin have also reported potential anti-
inflammatory properties, which have been postulated to be beneficial in people
with COVID-19.10-12  
  
Some observational cohorts and clinical trials have evaluated the use of
ivermectin for the prevention and treatment of COVID-19. Data from some of
these studies can be found in Table 2d.  
Recommendation  
  
There is insufficient evidence for the COVID-19 Treatment Guidelines Panel
(the Panel) to recommend either for or against the use of ivermectin for the
treatment of COVID-19. Results from adequately powered, well-designed, and
well-conducted clinical trials are needed to provide more specific, evidence-
based guidance on the role of ivermectin in the treatment of COVID-19.  
  
Rationale  
  
Ivermectin has been shown to inhibit the replication of SARS-CoV-2 in cell
cultures.13 However, pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic studies suggest that
achieving the plasma concentrations necessary for the antiviral efficacy
detected in vitro would require administration of doses up to 100-fold higher
than those approved for use in humans.14,15 Even though ivermectin appears to
accumulate in the lung tissue, predicted systemic plasma and lung tissue
concentrations are much lower than 2 µM, the half-maximal inhibitory
concentration (IC50) against SARS-CoV-2 in vitro.16-19 Subcutaneous
administration of ivermectin 400 µg/kg had no effect on SARS-CoV-2 viral loads
in hamsters. However, there was a reduction in olfactory deficit (measured
using a food-finding test) and a reduction in the interleukin (IL)-6:IL-10
ratio in lung tissues.20  
  
Since the last revision of this section of the Guidelines, the results of
several randomized trials and retrospective cohort studies of ivermectin use
in patients with COVID-19 have been published in peer-reviewed journals or
have been made available as manuscripts ahead of peer review. Some clinical
studies showed no benefits or worsening of disease after ivermectin use,21-24
whereas others reported shorter time to resolution of disease manifestations
that were attributed to COVID-19,25-27 greater reduction in inflammatory
marker levels,26 shorter time to viral clearance,21 or lower mortality rates
in patients who received ivermectin than in patients who received comparator
drugs or placebo.21,27  
  
However, most of these studies had incomplete information and significant
methodological limitations, which make it difficult to exclude common causes
of bias. These limitations include:  
  
The sample size of most of the trials was small.  
Various doses and schedules of ivermectin were used.  
Some of the randomized controlled trials were open-label studies in which
neither the participants nor the investigators were blinded to the treatment
arms.  
Patients received various concomitant medications (e.g., doxycycline,
hydroxychloroquine, azithromycin, zinc, corticosteroids) in addition to
ivermectin or the comparator drug. This confounded the assessment of the
efficacy or safety of ivermectin.  
The severity of COVID-19 in the study participants was not always well
described.  
The study outcome measures were not always clearly defined.  
  
Table 2d includes summaries of key studies. Because most of these studies have
significant limitations, the Panel cannot draw definitive conclusions on the
clinical efficacy of ivermectin for the treatment of COVID-19. Results from
adequately powered, well-designed, and well-conducted clinical trials are
needed to provide further guidance on the role of ivermectin in the treatment
of COVID-19.  
  
  
Best Group can afford to sell steroids legally at discount competitive bulk
prices, because, as mentioned above we are an approved anabolic steroid
supplier and not an intermediate or affiliate site or worse scammers. (You can
convince yourself by placing a small order). We are the biggest online group
with 6 individual stores and growing our main goal is not just the steroids
sale, but bodybuilding performance, that can be obtained by using genuine
anabolics from our stores.  
  
We are currently the only store that offers this option we will repack your
order so that orals are send with supplement stickers in original boxes orals
will be send as capsules or liquid orals depending on the destination we
reserve the right to choose. And Injectables are send in pharmaceutical
cosmetic containers. Peptides and hormone are repacked and send as cosmetic
products by placing an order you have agreed to our terms.  
  
Not only do we repack all products with this option so that no authorities,
girlfriend, parents, friends or neighbors will ever know, we also do it for
free. There is no chance that anybody would open your hairspray bottle
suspecting steroids inside it all our containers are specially made and
sterilized in state of the art labs for this purpose. We have been having
costumers hiding there medicines for years after the purchase without anybody
suspecting it.  
  
​If you want to have original boxes and stickers please pay 10 USD extra and
we will send them to you separately in this case its better if you provide us
with two different addresses so we can send them the same time.  
  
​Above Shipping method is safe and 100 % guarantee of delivery if you looking
for 100 % guarantee delivery.  
  
​World Wide Delivery Via Air Mail: It takes 5-30 working days  
​Express World Wide Delivery Via Air Mail: It takes 7-14 working days
Refund policy
Best Place to Buy Real Steroids  
  
Steroid orders are being shipped worldwide, no matter if you live in USA, UK,
Ireland, South Africa, France, Germany, Spain, Canada, And the delivery of
order is guaranteed because it directly targets our reputation. To exclude any
doubts, all steroids online purchases come with a reshipping policy for
missing, seized or damaged packages.  
  
Best Group can afford to sell steroids legally at discount competitive bulk
prices, because, as mentioned above we are an approved anabolic steroid
supplier and not an intermediate or affiliate site or worse scammers. (You can
convince yourself by placing a small order). We are the biggest online group
with 6 individual stores and growing our main goal is not just the steroids
sale, but bodybuilding performance, that can be obtained by using genuine
anabolics from our stores.  
  
We are currently the only store that offers this option we will repack your
order so that orals are send with supplement stickers in original boxes orals
will be send as capsules or liquid orals depending on the destination we
reserve the right to choose.. And Injectables are send in pharmaceutical
cosmetic containers. Peptides and hormone are repacked and send as cosmetic
products by placing an order you have agreed to our terms.  
  
Not only do we repack all products with this option so that no authorities,
girlfriend, parents, friends or neighbors will ever know, we also do it for
free. There is no chance that anybody would open your hairspray bottle
suspecting steroids inside it all our containers are specially made and
sterilized in state of the art labs for this purpose. We have been having
costumers hiding there medicines for years after the purchase without anybody
suspecting it.  
  
​If you want to have original boxes and stickers please pay 10 USD extra and
we will send them to you separately in this case its better if you provide us
with two different addresses so we can send them the same time.  
  
​Above Shipping method is safe and 100 % guarantee of delivery if you looking
for 100 % guarantee delivery.  
  
​World Wide Delivery Via Air Mail: It takes 5-30 working days  
​Express World Wide Delivery Via Air Mail: It takes 7-14 working days
