TITLE: I WILL TEACH YOU HOW TO CARD AIR TICKET | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
I WILL TEACH YOU HOW TO CARD AIR TICKET | Nemesis Market     
  
Other  » Guides and Tutorials
I WILL TEACH YOU HOW TO CARD AIR TICKET
genesis
Rating: 4 out of 5
Reviews: 66
Sales: 283
28 USD
Posted 3 weeks ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
In this guide, let us talk, perhaps, about one of the most profitable topics
in carding - how to card air ticket. First, I will tell you about the
different options for carding air ticket, then we will talk about the security
of this entire event. So, what are the options- AGENTS, FORM, REWARDS, BY
ACCOUNT. Now in order.  
HOW TO CARD AIR TICKET BY AGENT  
  
An agent is an intermediary, for example, bravofly.com, between a huge number
of airlines and a passenger, and the agent is paid. This option is safe for
someone who flies, because if they refuse, all questions to the intermediary
who sold the ticket. Most often, agents are sites with merchant accounts with
payment with VBV.
Refund policy
Please understand I am not here to hold your hand through this. Ultimately you
are responsible for your own setup and your own method. All items especially
card details are checked and confirmed live before being shipped out to you.
Replacements/refunds outside the day you actually received and attempted to
use the goods will not be permitted. Due to my strict checking policy I will
only offer a replacement or refund under the following conditions:  
  
1.Same day return - If you believe the card is dead and keeps declining on
your method message me as soon as possible. Replacement time is 2 hours and
you need to provide cc checker result before getting replacement or refund.  
  
2.Only finalized orders are considered received. Return window is 24h from
finalization date/time. 3.Burden of proof. Please submit link to a screenshot
showing the card declining on netflix or other popular free trial websites. I
will also accept luxchecker results if you prefer. *** If you send me a
message 3 days after I ship your order complaining that the card is dead and I
see you still have not finalized consider any refund/reship policy null and
void. All returns (even the stupid ones) will be handled on a case to case
basis to ensure customer satisfaction.  
  
4\. Triggering the security features during a login attempt is not a reason
for a replacement. This only happens on your end. I have no control over this.
If your system is not prepared efficiently before your login attempt you have
a very good chance of triggering the security feature. If you do not know how
to do this contact me politely and i will gladly help you for free.
