TITLE: 28g Nicole Kush Hash £350 | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
28g Nicole Kush Hash £350 | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Hash
28g Nicole Kush Hash £350
maurelius
Rating: 4.9 out of 5
Reviews: 529
Sales: 6347
350 GBP
Shipping from Spain to European Union
Shipping methods:  Spain to UK Standart Shipping ― 7 day ― 3.5 GBP  SPAIN to
EU Standart Shipping ― 7 day ― 3.5 GBP  Spain to Spain ― 3 day ― 0 GBP
Posted 8 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
THIS STRAIN WILL BE SHIPPED FROM SPAIN  
  
SHIPMENT TO UK OR EU COUNTRIES MAY TAKE FROM 5 TO 10 DAYS  
  
  
Nicole Kush Hash  
  
Hashish  
  
Hashish, or hash, is a drug made from the resin of the cannabis plant.  
  
This hash is produced from Nicole Kush Strain  
  
About Nicole Kush Strain  
  
Indica Dominant Hybrid -75% Indica / 25% Sativa  
  
THC: 18% to 25%  
  
CDB: % Unknown  
  
Delicious flavors combined with rare genetics makes Nicole Kush a “must try”
on anyone’s to-do list. Bred by DNA Genetics in Amsterdam, this strain brings
a relaxing set of indica-dominant effects to calm you after your busiest day.
Kosher Kush and Nicole strains have been crossed to result in this potent and
introspective bud.  
  
This strain derives from the legendary and multiple Cannabis Cup champion
Kosher Kush. When this legend was mixed with a strain coined Nicole, Nicole
Kush came to light, delivering a unique, Kushy experience.  
  
This cultivar is obviously indica-dominant with 75% indica and 25% sativa
genetics comprising her existence. After the toke is toked, smooth and mellow
vibes entangle the pot aficionado with pure magic. This super frosty strain is
often used for BHO concentrates and bubble hash.  
  
Nicole Kush is a 75/25 indica-dominant strain that will satisfy your need for
potency as well as flavor.  
  
Never has a strain stunned enthusiasts like that of Nicole Kush. It is a
pretty herb that produces blue buds coated with an ample layer of sticky resin
and sparkling trichomes. Not only that, each leave an impression on users with
its density especially as there seems to be a subtle heaviness when placed in
one’s hand.  
  
Adding to its appeal is its high levels of THC, which range from 17% to 25%.
It delights users with its calming euphoria that leaves one in a state of
bliss after drawing its sweet smoke. And, while it is not recommended for day
use, enthusiasts may still take a hit of the strain for some late night
introspection before hitting the sack.  
  
Suffice to say, Nicole Kush is a powerful heavy-hitting strain that knocks
users to sleep when used beyond limits.  
  
  
  
EFFECTS: Relaxed, Sleepy, Happy, Euphoric, Uplifted  
  
FRAGRANCE: Pungent, earthy, pine, herbal, sweet  
  
FLAVORS: Sweet, citrus, lemon, wood, earthy, pine  
  
ADVERSE REACTIONS: Dry mouth, Dry eyes  
  
MEDICAL Depression, Insomnia, Stress, Cramps, Fatigue  
  
  
Effects  
  
The Nicole Kush experience begins with the introduction of an uplifting sense
of euphoria. It paves the way for mental clarity so happy thoughts swarm the
mind. In all likelihood, it will take one to cloud nine. The initial onset
brings out tranquility and peace too, so users are prepared for the upcoming
body high.  
  
Gradually, a light pressure trickles down from the temples. It is calming but,
at the same time, it is powerful enough to free the users of aches, pains, and
tensions. Replacing the tightness is a soothing buzz that plants a heaviness
in the limbs as it continues to spread throughout the body.  
  
After about an hour or two, the full Indica effects of the herb manifest as
users begin to feel drowsy. Subtle at first, it later intensifies into a
blanket of relaxation that tucks users in to sleep as Mr. Sandman takes the
mind on a trip to dreamland. Because of its heavy-hitting effects, Nicole Kush
is best reserved for nighttime use especially for unwinding after a long day.
Otherwise, it can be difficult to stay focused or productive in the morning
and afternoon.  
  
Fragrance:  
  
Nicole Kush has the pungent scent of an earthy Indica. It is strong with
obvious overtones of pine and herbs. There is a subtle sweetness too,
especially when the buds are broken apart or combusted.  
Flavors  
  
Once drawn in, the sweet citric flavor of lemons accentuated by wood fill the
palate. Further enhancing it are overtones of wet soil and pine that linger in
the palate even after the last exhale.  
  
Adverse reactions:  
  
Like other strains, Nicole Kush has inhibiting cannabinoids that interfere
with the body’s natural ability to produce moisture. As such, it is not
uncommon for one to experience dry eyes and a cottonmouth regardless of the
dose or method of consumption. The side effects are usually mild and barely
noticeable but may be too uncomfortable for beginners. In such cases, it is
best to stay hydrated throughout the day to ease the ache.  
  
Medical:  
  
Nicole Kush provides relief to a variety of afflictions through the combined
effects of its cannabinoids. Among its best uses is relieving stress, which
manifests itself in fatigue, tiredness, emotional instability, and
anxiousness. These same symptoms are present in people with mental health
issues like depression and PTSD too. As such, the Indica-dominant bud is also
an effective anti-depressant that calms battles inside the mind.  
  
A natural painkiller, the same psychoactive compound that induces the happy
high also soothes various aches and pains. Beginning from the temples, it
relaxes the body to prevent each muscle from contracting uncontrollably
resulting in gut-wrenching cramps.  
  
The freedom from tension and inhibition can be quite relaxing. And, as such,
users will find themselves cradled to sleep with its sweet sedating effects.
As such, it makes for a great sleep-aid for people with insomnia who need a
good night’s rest.  
  
Hashish  
  
Hashish, or hash, is a drug made from the resin of the cannabis plant.  
  
Hash is a cannabis concentrate product composed of compressed or purified
preparations of stalked resin glands, called trichomes, from the plant. The
resin contains ingredients such as tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and other
cannabinoids—but often in higher concentrations than the unsifted or
unprocessed cannabis flower.  
  
Hashish may be solid or resinous depending on both preparation and room
temperature; pressed hashish is usually solid, whereas water-purified
hashish—often called "bubble melt hash", or simply "bubble hash"—is often a
paste-like substance with varying hardness and pliability; its color, most
commonly light to dark brown, can vary from transparent to yellow, tan, black,
or red. This all depends on the process and amount of leftover plant material  
  
Hashish is a potent form of cannabis produced by collecting and compressing
trichomes, the most potent material from cannabis plants.  
  
The word “hashish” originates from the Arabic language, roughly translating to
mean “grass.” It is believed that the popularization of hash originated around
AD 900, although some argue methods such as charas, or the collection of resin
from the hands of cannabis farmers, are believed to have existed prior to
written documentation.  
  
As a result of early European exploration into Africa, hashish made its
appearance in the Western world at the turn of the 19th century. For years,
European doctors imported hashish to conduct research, which led to the
introduction of various extraction methods that allowed for further refinement
into medications.  
  
By the turn of the 20th century, cannabis extractions were accounting for a
large majority of Western pharmacopeia. It wasn’t until US prohibition of
cannabis in the early 20th century that hashish products were outlawed from
Western medicine and pushed back into the black market.
Refund policy
If your order doesn't show up we can offer you 50% reship or refund of the
original order.  
For years we used to reship 100% of the orders but unfortunately we live in a
world where people take advantage of you and sometimes our clients lie when it
comes to receiving orders. Please understand that we are here for money and we
feel sorry that honnest men/women have to suffer the loss. Besides, you are
buying weed, not vegetables. :)
