TITLE: 14g Amnesia Haze Dust Shake Trim £56 | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
14g Amnesia Haze Dust Shake Trim £56 | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Shake
14g Amnesia Haze Dust Shake Trim £56
maurelius
Rating: 4.9 out of 5
Reviews: 529
Sales: 6347
56 GBP
Shipping from United Kingdom to European Union
Shipping methods:  UK to UK Standart Shipping ― 3 day ― 0 GBP  UK to Ireland
Standart Shipping ― 7 day ― 3.5 GBP  UK to EU Standart Shipping ― 7 day ― 3.5
GBP  UK to UK/EU Tracked and Sign ― 3 day ― 12.5 GBP
Posted 8 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
THIS STRAIN WILL BE SHIPPED FROM UK  
  
SHIPMENT TO EU MAY TAKE FROM 5 TO 10 DAYS  
  
  
The Amnesia Haze strain is a very diverse strain that takes many
characteristics from a multitude of other parent strains. It can have varying
genetics, but overall draws its lineage from landrace strains, giving it a
clean high with less side effects than traditional strains. Amnesia Haze also
tastes crisp and refreshing, featuring notes of pine trees, lemons, citrus
fruits, and earthy goodness. A previous Cannabis Cup winner, Amnesia Haze is
an absolute must-try for any serious weed consumer.  
  
Amnesia Haze has withstood the test of time, and will probably still be
winning awards years (or even decades) down the road. Nowadays you can stumble
upon this superb sativa in most coffeeshops around Amsterdam (where Amnesia
has gained mass popularity and has become a favorite of patrons), or in both
medical and recreational U.S. dispensaries alike.  
  
  
Often referred to as an ultra-hybrid,the technically sativa classified Amnesia
Haze cannabis strain has an incredibly diverse and dynamic genetic lineage one
aspect that shows the type of precise care and consideration the breeders took
over at Soma Seeds to produce this happy-vibes bringing lady.  
  
Amnesia Haze is indeed a genetic smorgasbord of sorts, with its cannabinoid
profile drawing reference from such parent plants as:  
  
Jamaican Sativa  
Hawaiian Sativa  
Thai Sativa  
Afghani Indica  
South Asian Indica  
Cambodian Sativa  
Haze Sativa  
  
As you can see, the relatives of Amnesia Haze are predominantly landrace
strains, which is possibly in part what gives this cannabis type such a clean,
pure high with fewer side effects than some other sativas. Although primarily
constructed of sativa genetics, there is a small amount of indica mixed in,
with Amnesias sativa to indica ratio standing at roughly 80:20. This small
addition of indica gives the Amnesia Haze strain a slightly more balanced,
well-rounded high, and helps to keep the paranoia, jitters and anxiety typical
of many sativas, at bay.  
  
And best of all, with a THC percentage of 21% you can expect Amnesia Haze to
be hard hitting, with just a little bit going a very long way. This is what
the cannabis community can honestly call a one hit quitter.  
  
Amnesia Haze Strain Review: Aroma, Flavor, and Appearance  
Probably the most overwhelming note of the Amnesia Haze aroma is its pungent
earthy scent that fills up any room it happens to be in. These earthy notes
slowly begin to blend into hints of citrus, lemon and even sometimes pine,
creating a full-bodied and well-rounded overall profile.  
  
The taste of AH is similar to the scent, but possesses a bit of a sweeter hint
that sends the taste buds into a world of their own. The smoke of this
cannabis strain is smooth and buttery, easily traveling into the lungs, with
little after cough involved, as long as you purchase a fine quality batch.  
  
  
Amnesia Haze Strain Review: The High  
Unlike the name suggests, Amnesia Haze will not actually have you so high and
out of your mind that you`ll start forgetting everything. On quite the
contrary, it has a tendency to spark an interest in creative outlets, bringing
about surges of motivation and productive energy.  
  
Primarily, however, Amnesia Haze weed serves as a powerful medicine, bringing
a massive smile to most who try it. Expect plenty of giggles and a euphoric,
blissful sensation to follow.  
  
Although AH is energizing, it is not nearly as hyper-inducing as many of the
other Haze strains are, making it quintessential for an after-work social
gathering or evening party, because it`ll provide you with just enough energy
to power through, but not so much that you won`t be able to fall asleep
afterward. Even better, consume Amnesia Haze as a morning or mid-afternoon
pick me up, so you can possess the energy to keep moving forward.  
  
Medical Benefits of Amnesia Haze Weed  
Although Amnesia Haze is utilized by a variety of medical cannabis patients,
probably its most common use is by patients that have mood disorders. Mood
disorders can be especially debilitating, making it difficult to function in
day to day life, but Amnesia Haze is here to help, and that`s exactly what it
does.  
  
Those who suffer from depression or the depressive side of Bipolar, can
discover real relief with the help of Amnesia Haze, which digs deep and brings
up inner happiness, joy and an overall uplifted vibe.  
  
Possible Negative Side Effects of Amnesia Haze  
Sativa lovers rejoice! Amnesia Haze has very few negative side effects in
relation to most sativa strains. It does not have a tendency to induce
dizziness, paranoia, anxiety, nausea or any of the other possibilities that
really suck when all you`re trying to do is enjoy being high.  
  
Thankfully, you can feel an overwhelming sense of relief with this cannabis
strain, because the only negative that Amnesia commonly causes, is cotton
mouth (dry mouth), which really is not so bad. Cure cottonmouth by drinking
plenty of hydrating fluids before, during and after your cannabis consumption,
and keep a bottle near by, so that even if you are feeling lazy, your source
of hydration will be in close reach.  
  
Amnesia Haze Cannabis Strain Review: Final Thoughts  
If you struggle with depression, stress, chronic pain, lack of appetite,
fatigue, or simply find it difficult to get motivated and start your day,
Amnesia Haze might be the quintessential marijuana strain for you. We hope you
found this Amnesia Haze review to be not only entertaining, but also
educational and informative.
Refund policy
If your order doesn't show up we can offer you 50% reship or refund of the
original order.  
For years we used to reship 100% of the orders but unfortunately we live in a
world where people take advantage of you and sometimes our clients lie when it
comes to receiving orders. Please understand that we are here for money and we
feel sorry that honnest men/women have to suffer the loss. Besides, you are
buying weed, not vegetables. :)
