TITLE: 【New Meth A+】 CRYSTAL Meth ICE Rock | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
【New Meth A+】 CRYSTAL Meth ICE Rock | Nemesis Market     
      
Drugs  » Stimulants  » Methamphetamine (Meth)
【New Meth A+】 CRYSTAL Meth ICE Rock
avbeaau
Rating: 4.6 out of 5
Reviews: 60
Sales: 98
0.5 g
210 AUD
1 g
400 AUD
1.75 g
700 AUD
3.5 g
1400 AUD
7 g
2600 AUD
Shipping from Australia to Australia
Shipping methods:  Express Post in AUS (2-7 Days) ― 7 day ― 20 AUD
Posted 10 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
We offer very high quality Methamphetamine shards very pure ice shards made
with Ephedrine straight from the source, clean and no cuts you will be amazed
by this crystal meth quality at this low price.  
  
❤️ Secure shipping in Australia.  
  
❤️ Professional packaging and stealth.  
  
❤️ Only the highest quality products  
  
❤️ Friendly customer support  
  
For shipping times and other details please read our profile and refund
policy, if you have any questions dont hesitate to send us a message.  
  
01/01/2022  
  
Happy New Year to all my customers. In the new year, we will continue to
provide high quality meth to you and wish you like our products.  
  
11/12  
  
A new batch of meth arrived with high quality, not many, welcome to try!!  
  
05/12  
  
At the moment , before Christmas, Australia Post is very slow. Most express
post packages will take 7-10 days. Some of them can be delivered within 3 days
if lucky. Depending on the flight. Everybody please notice this information
before you continue to place an order, I dont want to affect my reputation
because of your dissatisfaction with the delivery speed of Australia Post.
Thank you so much.  
  
29/11  
  
Recently, it may be because Christmas is coming. The Australian post office is
very slow to processing the mail. Please wait patiently. Thank you for your
understanding  
  
16/10/21  
  
Most of our listing requires buyers to finalize early (FE), we simply cannot
afford too large of an escrow due to the nature of dark net.  
However, non-arrivals are very rare, and we do reship in full amount if the
fault lies within this office. In other circumstances, non-arrivals,
underweight, reshipment decision are dealt with on a case-by-case basis. We do
not refund once the order is marked shipped.  
  
My cut time is 15:00 from Monday to Friday. All orders placed after 16:00 are
delivered the next day. They are not delivered on Saturday and Sunday.
Usually, express delivery arrives in 1-3 days. it will take 4-7 days in very
unusual cases. Please wait patiently. Thank you so much.  
  
Due to security concerns, we do not release tracking number immediately after
dispatch, and are only released upon request after 4 business days.  
  
We have a very busy schedule, so we may not answer all messages immediately,
but we en-devour to have all messages answered within 24 hours.  
  
Please ensure your address is in the correct format as below  
  
Harrison Smith  
17 Some Street  
Carlton VIC 3053  
  
Incorrect format is the number 1 reason packages are flagged, your order will
be forwarded EXACTLY how you gave it to us and if you did not provide the
correct shipping address and subsequently did not receive your order THEN DONT
COME CRYING TO US ABOUT IT.  
  
  
Refund Policy  
\- Treat us with respect and you will also be respected  
\- If a package is lost nine times out of ten we will reship your order (do
not be an asshole)  
\- If a packages tracking shows its delivered and you claim you did not
receive it, normally no reship will be granted. But feel free to message us
and we will see what we can do for you.  
\- Reships are 100% at our discretion  
\- In the case that your item is lost then we will reship the item as long as
there are no BS disputes filed and the package is actually not delivered. All
reships are sent after ensuring the package is still not en route or possibly
still deliverable.  
**Before leaving any negative feedback, please contact us so we can investigate any issues you may have. We are always working our hardest to provide the best service for you!**  
If your package does not arrive after 7 business days we will investigate the
issue with the team above and get back to you with a possibility of a 50% Re-
ship. Our job is to post the order and your job is to receive it, if it gets
seized or lost then we both wear 50% of the cost. Fair.  
Buyer will NOT be refunded due to any damage caused by Australia Post.  
Buyer will NOT be refunded due to incorrect or false postage address. We copy
and paste the address you provide us so please make sure it is correct and in
the proper format like below.  
★★ IMPORTANT ONCE WE HAVE SEE ON OUR END THAT IS HAS BEEN DELIVERED THERE IS
NO RESHIPS.  
  
Harrison Smith  
17 Some Street  
Carlton VIC 3053  
  
Buyer must accept all terms and conditions.  
This item has a refund ratio of 50%. It means that in case of refund you might
get only 50% funds back.
