TITLE: Pure Etizolam Powder - Benzodiazepine Multiple Quantites US to US (100 mg - 5g) packs | Nemesis Mark
TEXT:
Pure Etizolam Powder - Benzodiazepine Multiple Quantites US to US (100 mg - 5g) packs | Nemesis Market     
    
Drugs  » Benzodiazepine (Benzos)  » Powder
Pure Etizolam Powder - Benzodiazepine Multiple Quantites US to US (100 mg -
5g) packs
cannedgoods
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 177
Sales: 370
100 mg
89 USD
300 mg
139 USD
500 mg
159 USD
1 g
179 USD
2 g
319 USD
5 g
689 USD
Shipping from United States to United States
Shipping methods:  USPS Priority Post ― 3 day ― 14 USD
Posted 1 month ago and last time edited at 2022-11-07 06:15:17 UTC
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Etizolam is a psychoactive benzodiazepine analog that reduces anxiety/panic,
induces sleep and relaxes muscles due to fits episodes.  
  
:::::::::::: CANNEDGOODS SHOP ::::::::::::  
  
Cannedgoods is a melding of the best minds in the game with great  
experience in specializing with cannabis, psychedelics, benzos and  
RC Chems.  
  
Expect only the best products and the best professional service from us.  
  
:::::::::::: Etizolam Powder ::::::::::::  
  
Etizolam is a psychoactive benzodiazepine analog that possesses amnesic,
anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, hypnotic, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant
properties.  
  
Subjective effects include anxiety suppression, disinhibition, muscle
relaxation, sedation, and euphoria. Etizolam is commonly administered orally
and sublingually due to the high bioavailability of these routes. Etizolam is
very well absorbed in the gastrointestinal tract, it quickly floods the brain
and reaches peak levels anywhere from 30 minutes to two hours after ingestion.  
  
Etizolam reduces anxiety/panic, induces sleep and relaxes muscles due to fits
episodes. It works by increasing the activity of GABA (a chemical messenger in
the brain that acts as a natural nerve-calming agent) and is involved in
inducing sleep. Thereby, it relaxes muscles, reduces anxiety and helps to fall
asleep.  
  
Brand names include Etilaam, Etizola, Etizest, Sedekopan, Arophalm, Depas and
Pasaden. It was patented in 1972, and approved for medical use in 1983.  
  
Harm Reduction:  
  
Volumetric dosing is recommend to control your dosage, as this is extremely
potent powder.  
  
In tablet form, a 1mg Etizolam tablet is equivalent to a 10mg Diazepam -
Valium tablet.  
  
The drug largely shares the effect profile of other anti-anxiety drugs of the
benzodiazepine class such as alprazolam (Xanax) or clonazepam
(Klonopin/Rivotril). Anecdotal reports suggest that in terms of its relative
potency, 1 mg of etizolam is approximately equivalent to 0.5 mg of alprazolam
(Xanax), 0.5 mg of clonazepam (Klonopin), or 10 mg of diazepam (Valium). It is
often compared to a less potent and sedating version of alprazolam in terms of
the speed of its onset, total duration, and recreational effect.  
  
This product is indicated for research and experimental usage, or typically
prescribed with a doctor's supervision. It may be habit-forming if taken not
as indicated, although it is generally considered safe if used as directed.
Keep away from children and pets.  
  
:::::::::::: PROFESSIONAL AND STEALTHY DELIVERY ::::::::::::  
  
We value your safety and satisfaction first and foremost.  
  
1\. ZERO logs kept for safety and anonymity.  
2\. Superb customer service!  
3\. Great product quality from a highly reputable vendor and solid plug.  
  
Upon ordering, we will need your address (Place it encrypted on the order  
details pane)  
  
Preferably in this format:  
  
1\. Receivers First name and Last name  
2\. City Address  
3\. State Address  
4\. Post Code  
  
We ship daily. If you order is processed beyond the cut-off period for the  
day then we will be shipping it on the next day.  
  
  
:::::::::::: TERMS, CONDITIONS AND POLICIES ::::::::::::  
  
You are assured of very high quality bars  
  
Return Policy:  
  
Please pay close attention to our very fair return policy:  
  
1\. Once something is wrong with your order please contact us right away.  
2\. We will be conducting an investigation which will be very quick. We  
will just be double checking delivery address and other details on your  
end as well as checking the shipping and tracking on our end.  
3\. If it is proven to be your fault then you are not eligible for reship  
or refund.  
4\. If it is proven to be our fault then we will either reship or refund you  
in full depending on your preference.  
  
Turnaround Time:  
  
Please take note of the delivery turnaround times for each postal option we  
offer. If it has been a few days beyond the allotted time frame and your order  
has not yet been received feel free to contact us and resolve the issue.  
  
Contact Details:  
  
If at any time you feel that there is something we could do better,  
or have done wrong, please feel free to let us know so that we can take  
appropriate action to accommodate you, and do whatever is needed to rectify  
the situation.  
  
We are here to run a professional business. We ask that the customer  
acts accordingly.  
  
By the same token, we are well aware of the dangers inherent in this business  
environment, and will not respond to blackmail, bullying, threats, or any
other  
acts of injury, sabotage or other illicit activity.  
  
All inquiries, suggestions and ideas are welcome!  
  
You can contact me here on the market via PM.  
  
:::::::::::: OTHERS ::::::::::::  
  
Open for partnership opportunities feel free to reach out via PM if  
you have any questions or are interested in some partnerships.
Refund policy
You are assured of very high quality powder.  
  
Return Policy:  
  
Please pay close attention to our very fair return policy:  
  
1\. Once something is wrong with your order please contact us right away.  
2\. We will be conducting an investigation which will be very quick. We  
will just be double checking delivery address and other details on your  
end as well as checking the shipping and tracking on our end.  
3\. If it is proven to be your fault then you are not eligible for reship  
or refund.  
4\. If it is proven to be our fault then we will either reship or refund you  
in full depending on your preference.
