TITLE: Fish Scale Top Quality Cocaine | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Fish Scale Top Quality Cocaine | Nemesis Market     
    
Drugs  » Stimulants  » Cocaine
Fish Scale Top Quality Cocaine
TonysDrugsStore
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 2193
Sales: 2320
1 g
65 GBP
2 g
120 GBP
3.5 g
190 GBP
7 g
360 GBP
14 g
650 GBP
28 g
1275 GBP
Shipping from United Kingdom to United Kingdom
Shipping methods:  TRACK AND SINGED NEXT DAY UK ― 1 day ― 7 GBP
Vendor on vacation
♡
This item is listed as an escrow. The order process is as follows:
  * After the buyer has placed an order, the vendor has 5 days to accept or reject the order.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't accept the order within 5 days.
  * If the buyer doesn't want to wait 5 days, there will be a cancel button after 48 hours to cancel the order and get a full refund.
  * After the order got accepted, the vendor has 5 days to ship. The buyer can not cancel the order at this point.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't ship the order within 5 days.
  * After the vendor ships the order, the buyer must wait for the delivery time specified with the selected shipping method.
  * If the buyer didn't receive the order within the delivery time, the buyer has 10 days to open a dispute.
  * After the order got finalized, the buyer can leave a review.
  * If you have any questions, leave a comment or create a post on our forum.
Posted 11 months ago and last time edited at 2022-09-20 10:34:49 UTC
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
WHY OUR COKE MAKES SUPPORTERS OUT OF SCEPTICS  
We dont believe in overusing terms like uncut, 100% pure, straight off the
brick, right out of the asshole of a Bolivian farmer or anything that is
unconformable.  
  
What we do believe in is sourcing the best cocaine available in UK and our
rudimentary testing tells us you're getting higher than 90%. Could be 93%,
could be 99%.  
  
Anyone who knows their yayo will tell you that 90+ is incredibly difficult to
find and anyone new to ours will tell you that they had no idea cocaine was
this clean, stimulating and well, joyful.  
  
If think were full of an unknown cutting agent, try our cheap-as-chips 1G
option and see for yourself. The only thing that could go wrong is that you
regret not selecting a larger quantity.
Refund policy
Shipping-  
  
UK - 1-3 days  
  
We except orders till 2.00 pm Monday To Friday No Weekends.  
  
Large and Next day delivery options orders are shipped via tracked signed for
it.  
Royal Mail special delivery S/D tracking number and discounts for your safe
delivery and happiness  
All delivery times are taken of RMs website and delays are 99% of the time
their fault.  
We ship out orders once a day and if you order before 2.00pm (GMT+0) your
package will be sent the same day orders after 2.00pm will be sent out next
day.  
  
Refund and Reship Policy-  
  
Tracked Orders:  
  
After your order is shipped you can always ask your tracking number the 2 day!  
  
UK: We can give guarantee royal mail arrival on UK orders.  
( In case of opened package or seizure we do not reship/refund lost its on
your responsibility!!!)  
  
International: In case of seizure we do not reship/refund and we don't accept
negative feedback.  
Please order only if you accept the risk.  
  
*All bulk packages are sent with top stealth!  
  
No P.O BOX ??? please read it carefully  
  
Feedbacks-  
  
Please leave feedback after all purchases and always consult with a message
before leaving a negative one as we strive to find solutions for our customers
problems.  
  
Thank you for visiting TonysDrugsStore we wish you a nice day!!!
__ Sort comments by Top New
S
__ __
Shaunyboy88 1 1 month ago
Alright pal just wanted to say I did not write that 1 star comment about you.
I received your order the next day. Which I’m very appreciated of. But got
hacked so I could not finalise the order. For 1 I wouldn’t give you shit
because you know wher I live. For two I had no reason Beckett you sent me the
order. I just hope you didn’t pay them in good faith because they were
hackers. I had to change my account to this. Hopefully we can move forward if
not no worries. Just wanted you to know fact thanks anyway. Your probably 1 of
the best vendors I’ve had. Cheers mate. It came next day as always. You know
that I know that just the fucking scammers that didn’t
B
__ __
barry 1 7 months ago
Bull shit !!!!! The fella rights his own reviews ! Don't waste yomoney. Fast
delivery - yes - quality - abysmal ! He probably got a shit few bars didn't
want to take the hit so he forward it to us to online mugs!
E
__ __
Elfless23 1 7 months ago
What's the bit about po box? It less risky than a home address?
B
__ __
barry 1 7 months ago
Do a bit of research
