TITLE: 12.5g Shark Hash = 60$ | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
12.5g Shark Hash = 60$ | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Hash
12.5g Shark Hash = 60$
Shark_Hash
Rating: 0 out of 5
Reviews: 0
Sales: 0
60 USD
Shipping from Spain to European Union
Shipping methods:  Europe (UE) Shipping ― 8 day ― 5 USD
Posted 1 month ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Shark Hashish Price:  
1 Gram (5$)  
1 Piece 12.5g (60$) Maximum per order  
\----------------------------------------  
The best good quality, always!  
  
Shark Hash. Soft and powerful, each puff is present with a dense smoke and a
delicate smell.  
The effect is mainly sativa because it has a high content in THC, that's why
we will feel euphoric, energetic and with a clear mind.  
It is perfect for relaxing and chatting with friends, guarantees laughter and
fun.  
It is good for long hours of work, it will keep you active and focused.  
Some buyers use it for medicinal purposes, to reduce anxiety or pain.  
To the touch, Shark is juicy, dense and delicious cream.  
  
Shark hashish is made from cannabis sativa plants (Santa Sativa, Moby Dick)
and hybrids (Super Skunk, AK-47, Jack Herer) that provide a good touch of CBD.  
The strains we grow are classic and we have perfected them over the years. Our
traditional cultivation of cannabis, without additive products, allows us to
manufacture pure hashish.  
The combination of sativa plants (such as Moby Dick) and hybrids (such as
SuperSkunk), result in our dear Shark hashish.  
Each manufactured batch of hashish is unique, but they all have the same
goals: hashish mostly sativa with a little sweet hint of indica .  
We are very demanding with our hashish because we only like to smoke the best,
each harvest is an opportunity to improve.  
  
We offer a quality product for a good price.  
  
We are pleased to share the joy of our lives with this great community.  
Shark, traditionally grown and prepared with all the love and affection by
cannabis professionals.
Refund policy
\- Our billing policy guarantees the protection of the buyer through the
escrow system. If you do not receive your order within 13 working days from
the date of shipment, please contact us.  
\- Buyer is responsible for address, if there are any mistakes, SharkHash will
not reship or refund. Please, check your address twice!.  
\- In case of non-arrival, please contact us within 13 days.  
\- In case of non-arrival, SharkHash will reship 50% to the same or a new
address (or 50% refund).  
\- If the first 100% shipment and 50% reship dont arrive, there will be NO
refund or extra reship.  
\- If we make a second shipment or a 50% refund, you agree not to leave any
feedback or negative comment.  
\- Our shipments have a 99 percent success
