TITLE: CorelDRAW Graphics Suite 2017 + Crack ! Latest | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
CorelDRAW Graphics Suite 2017 + Crack 
  
  
Other  » Other
CorelDRAW Graphics Suite 2017 + Crack ! Latest
g3cko
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 413
Sales: 2943
2.08 USD
Posted 8 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
CorelDRAW Graphics Suite 2017 - MULTILINGUAL + Crack - Latest version  
  
Our best just got better – CorelDRAW® Graphics Suite 2017 is our latest and
most innovative graphic design program yet! Get all of our industry-acclaimed
tools found in CorelDRAW Graphics Suite X8 , plus so much more. Skip sketching
and scanning from paper, and go right to our amazing new LiveSketch™ tool to
capture your ideas the instant that creativity strikes. Our suite comes with
cutting-edge features to help you create beautiful designs, graphics, photos,
and websites with both ease and confidence.  
  
Graphic design software  
– New state-of-the-art LiveSketch™ tool  
– Enhanced Pen and Touch capabilities  
– Expansive font management and filtering  
– Optimized for Windows 10 and latest hardware  
  
Open an expansive toolbox of versatile applications  
Whatever your design passion, talents or interests, CorelDRAW Graphics Suite
2017 delivers a collection of seven powerful applications to satisfy all types
of creativity. You’ll be amazed by how many different types of original
projects you can design!  
  
Jump in  
Whether you’re a first-time user or an experienced designer, CorelDRAW
Graphics Suite 2017 makes it easy to get started. Learn the basics, see what’s
new with a Startup tour, or transition to the suite with a special walkthrough
designed just for Adobe users. Be productive immediately with a workspace that
matches your workflow needs, and benefit from high-quality content and
versatile in-product learning.  
  
Personalize  
Feel right at home with all of your favorite tools! Adapt your design space to
your needs with the custom icon size, desktop and window border color. Explore
and organize fonts for your projects with the help of the popular Corel Font
Manager™ 2017. Expand your collection of creative tools and content by
downloading free and premium apps, plugins, extensions, font packs and more,
directly from within the applications.  
  
Craft  
Make the most of your design skills with the intuitive, high-caliber features
of this graphic design software. Quickly find fonts for any project with the
font search and filtering feature. Save valuable design time with the new
LiveSketch tool that allows you to capture any original idea on a pen-enabled
device the moment creativity strikes. Work faster with the new node editing,
and refine your photos with the Healing Clone tool in Corel® PHOTO-PAINT®
2017.  
  
Delight  
Deliver professional-quality output that will make a lasting impression across
any medium: from distinctive logos and signs, to striking marketing materials,
web and social media graphics, billboards and more. With its industry-leading
file format compatibility and advanced color-management tools, CorelDRAW
Graphics Suite 2017 provides the flexibility and color accuracy you need for
all types of projects. Discover a vibrant and inspiring community of CorelDRAW
users to positively influence your creative journey.  
  
RELEASE NOTES:  
– Hotfix to resolve an issue that prevents a small number of CorelDRAW
Graphics Suite 2017 users from launching their applications.  
  
System Requirements:  
– Windows 10, 8.1 or Windows 7  
– Intel Core i3/5/7 or AMD Athlon 64  
– 2 GB RAM  
– 1 GB hard disk space  
– Multi-touch screen, mouse or tablet  
– 1280 x 720 screen resolution at 100% (96 dpi)  
– Microsoft Internet Explorer 11 or higher  
– Microsoft .Net Framework 4.6
__ Sort comments by Top New
__ __
JoeyMoo 1 4 days ago
Hello; How many PCs can this be used on since the normal licensed version is
loadable on 3 PCs? Will I be able to register it on corel.com for commercial
use as the normal one or will be need to be used as pirate software only?  
  
Thank You
