TITLE: Authentic Durban Poison | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Authentic Durban Poison | Nemesis Market     
        
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Buds and Flowers
Authentic Durban Poison
revenantchild
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 131
Sales: 1071
20 g
120 USD
Shipping from South Africa to European Union - United Kingdom - Netherlands -
France - Ireland - Mayotte - Poland - Romania - South Africa
Shipping methods:  Tracked Mail 20g ― 35 day ― 10 USD
Posted 7 months ago and last time edited at 2023-01-03 08:47:15 UTC
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
My weed is sourced directly in Durban, South Africa where I live.  
You don't get more authentic than that.  
  
This is as rare as hen's teeth following recent floods - I'm very lucky to get
this.  
  
Durban Poison is not pretty weed. It's ugly and stringy and has been described
as "lawn clippings" by the odd imbecile.  
It's not as strong as some of the weed you may be used to, and it's certainly
NOT about taking one hit and falling over...  
It is however, for the more discerning smoker - the purist, so to speak.  
  
Please do not mistake my description of Poison as "Hard Sell"  
In fact, I actively discourage certain people from buying it.  
It is for the more refined, the more spiritual among us.  
It is for those who create music, who write poetry.  
It is for those who seek answers within.  
It's weed for living and loving life.  
It's food for the soul...  
  
I like to think of it as the Zen of weed.  
  
REVENANTCHILD  
Purveyor of fine African landrace strains.  
Durban Poison  
Royal Swazi  
Wild Coast Pondo  
  
Find out who you're dealing with:  
I invite you to go to Recon and paste my PGP key into the vendor search area
and see my legacy over the years.  
  
Photos taken by me personally with a Cannon Power Shot camera set on Macro.
Refund policy
I ship from Durban, South Africa and shipping is notoriously slow, but
reliable.  
Your order should take between 3 to 6 weeks to arrive.  
Your order is tracked, so you can at least see that the item has been shipped.  
You can use your real name with confidence as my stealth is awesome.  
Your order is not merely packed and shipped - it is carefully constructed to
get through customs.  
Having said that, if your order is lost or seized (highly unlikely) I will
reship your order in FULL, no questions asked, with no additional expense to
you.  
If your reship is also lost or seized, I will refund 30% in cash, and quite
frankly, I would deserve a bad rating.  
  
PS: Your delivery date is set to 45 days.  
That does not necessarily mean your order will take 45 days to get to you.  
Most orders take around 32 days to arrive.  
I have set 45 days because on occasion, there may be a delay somewhere along
the line.  
Remember, I'm shipping from South Africa.  
Your order WILL get to you.
