TITLE: Luke Skywalker 2.0 - Cali Import - LIMITED STOCK | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Luke Skywalker 2.0 - Cali Import - LIMITED STOCK | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Buds and Flowers
Luke Skywalker 2.0 - Cali Import - LIMITED STOCK
queenofcannabis
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 2136
Sales: 11599
2 g
45 EUR
5 g
99 EUR
10 g
180 EUR
20 g
349 EUR
25 g
425 EUR
Shipping from Germany to European Union
Shipping methods:  Untracked International Big Letter MAX 25g ― 5 day ― 6 EUR
Tracked Parcel International 25g++ or RSO ― 5 day ― 25 EUR  Untracked Germany
Big Letter MAX 25g ― 2 day ― 5 EUR  Tracked Parcel Germany 25g++ or RSO ― 3
day ― 18 EUR
Posted 1 month ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Skywalker 2.0 is a 50-50 indica-sativa strain that is known for its cerebral
and uplifting high. It has a very fruity and piney flavor, with high notes of
blueberry in particular. Its THC level can range from a modest 15 to a more
potent 23 percent and can be extremely sedating, so be sure to use at night,
or a day when you have no plans!  
  
It is definitely not for novices and in the medicinal marijuana world, it is
feted as an excellent sleeping aid.  
  
While it is usually classified as balanced, Skywalker 2.0 tends to have
indica-leaning effects which become apparent as your body and mind feel a
sense of calm. It is also a relatively easy strain to cultivate, which only
adds to its appeal.  
  
Aroma  
The aroma of the Skywalker 2.0 marijuana strain is sharp and can quickly fill
a room. It has a beautiful scent akin to a field full of blueberries, and the
fruity sweet smell should make your mouth water. The aromatic experience is an
accurate preview of the delightful taste sensation to come.  
  
Flavor  
First and foremost, the sweet blueberry taste is very apparent. Indeed,
experienced users could pick Skywalker 2.0 out of a line-up in a blind taste
test; such is its distinct flavor. You will get pine cone notes amidst the
fruit, and there is also just enough spice to give this strain a kick.  
  
Appearance  
It is a sticky and resinous strain with an elegant appearance. The nugs have
sage green buds with the merest hints of purple, and they are covered in light
orange hairs. Skywalker 2.0 weed has a vast number of trichomes; so many in
fact that the strain positively glistens when you hold it up to the light.  
The calyxes and overall structure look light and airy, and the buds I saw were
clearly dried and cured by an expert hand.  
  
If you use enough of it, you will be so high that you may imagine yourself as
a Jedi Knight! If you are feeling nervous or else you can’t seem to relax, sit
back and have a few tokes of Skywalker 2.0. It offers a steady buzz that makes
you feel at ease with yourself and your surroundings.  
Once you up the dosage, it hits you with extreme sedative effects. Initially,
you may feel uplifted, happy, and possibly even euphoric, but eventually, the
relaxing high spreads throughout your body and ensures you have no inclination
to move from the exact spot where you are lying or sitting.  
You should definitely not use Skywalker 2.0 during the day unless of course,
you have no plans. It is an excellent option in the late evening or at night.
If you want to feel a clear-headed high, don’t use too much.  
  
Medical Benefits of the Skywalker 2.0 Strain  
The most obvious benefit is as a sleep aid. Users claim that when you use
enough Skywalker 2.0, it becomes incredibly hard to remain awake. Therefore,
if you have severe insomnia, it is worth giving this strain a try. The
sedative effects also make Skywalker 2.0 a nice option if you need something
to relax you after a stressful day.  
The potency of Skywalker 2.0 also suggests it is a useful option for anyone
looking to manage their pain symptoms. It is prescribed to patients with
period cramps, joint pain, and muscle aches. This strain has even been
prescribed for people with anxiety and depression since it is said to help
improve your mood.
