TITLE: 1g of SUPER SILVER HAZE TOP IMPORT HIGH QUALITY - NDD UK | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
1g of SUPER SILVER HAZE TOP IMPORT HIGH QUALITY - NDD UK | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Buds and Flowers
1g of SUPER SILVER HAZE TOP IMPORT HIGH QUALITY - NDD UK
S
SimpleMeds
Rating: 4.9 out of 5
Reviews: 33
Sales: 42
19.99 GBP
Shipping from United Kingdom to United Kingdom
Shipping methods:  ― 1 day ― 0 GBP
Vendor on vacation
♡
This item is listed as an escrow. The order process is as follows:
  * After the buyer has placed an order, the vendor has 5 days to accept or reject the order.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't accept the order within 5 days.
  * If the buyer doesn't want to wait 5 days, there will be a cancel button after 48 hours to cancel the order and get a full refund.
  * After the order got accepted, the vendor has 5 days to ship. The buyer can not cancel the order at this point.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't ship the order within 5 days.
  * After the vendor ships the order, the buyer must wait for the delivery time specified with the selected shipping method.
  * If the buyer didn't receive the order within the delivery time, the buyer has 10 days to open a dispute.
  * After the order got finalized, the buyer can leave a review.
  * If you have any questions, leave a comment or create a post on our forum.
Posted 5 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Super Silver Haze is a sativa dominant hybrid strain (80% sativa/20% indica)
created through crossing the infamous Skunk X Northern Lights X Haze strains.
Known for its super heady high and long-lasting effects, Super Silver Haze is
the perfect bud for any sativa lover who really wants to kick back. The high
starts fast and hard, slamming into your mind almost as soon as you exhale
with a stoney and lifted effect.  
  
You'll feel a sense of energy wash over you that's filled with creative
motivation and happiness, lending itself well to any artistic task that you
have at hand. However, your head will be pretty hazy, so don't plan on
focusing on much of anything for too long. This energy soon seeps into your
body, getting you up and moving without affecting any physical aches or pains.
With these heady effects and its high 18-23% average THC level, Super Silver
Haze is often chosen to treat conditions such as chronic fatigue, depression,
chronic stress, migraines or headaches and nausea or appetite loss.  
  
This bud has a classic spicy herbal flavor with a sharp sour citrus exhale.
The aroma takes as skunky turn, with spicy herbs and sour citrus throughout.
Super Silver Haze buds have fluffy and airy popcorn-shaped bright green nugs
with orange hairs and a frosty thick coating of tiny silvery white crystal
trichomes.
Refund policy
Please read our profile for refund policy / T&C
