TITLE: 20g BLUE DREAM HQ *FREE NDD | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
20g BLUE DREAM HQ *FREE NDD | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Buds and Flowers
20g BLUE DREAM HQ *FREE NDD
El-Chapo
Rating: 0 out of 5
Reviews: 0
Sales: 0
161.97 GBP
Shipping from Unknown Location to United Kingdom
Shipping methods:  *FREE NDD ― 1 day ― 0 USD
Posted 1 month ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
A potent cross between the ever popular classic strains Blueberry and Haze,
Blue Dream (also known as Azure Haze) is a slightly sativa-dominant strain
shrouded in mystery. It is not just dreamy because of its stellar flavor and
buzzy, cerebral high, but because its history has essentially been wiped from
the books with many believing its origins must be a dream. It first made a
name for itself in the medical community, though no one knew who made it or
where it came from outside of most speculating it was birthed in Santa Cruz,
CA. Eventually, the strain caught the attention of legendary breeder DJ Short
who has worked hard to give us the version we have today.  
  
The delicious flavors of blueberry and sugar are long lasting and stay on your
tongue long after the smoke has gone. The nugs are long and bushy, light green
with deep blue hues, amber and blue hairs, and an abundance of milky white
trichomes.  
Effects  
  
With a relatively high THC range that averages at a low of 17% and a high of
24%, this dreamy bud has more than just good looks and flavor to bring to the
table. The CBD and CBN levels reach 2% and 1% respectively, making this a
popular strain for treating a myriad of ailments.  
  
Blue Dream's high is all the best parts of its parentage wrapped neatly into a
flavor-packed, beautifully balanced package. It begins with a cerebral rush,
bringing with it motivation and heightened focus, so enjoy this through any
jam-packed schedule.  
  
As the high builds you fall into an ultra-relaxed state, leaving you feeling
hazy and totally calm. This dreamy, relaxing high pairs well with afternoons
spent painting, having long conversations with friends, or finishing up your
workday. It’ll get you out of your head and into your groove.  
  
Don’t let the name fool you into thinking this is a lazy, couch locked high.
Blue Dream takes all of their best attributes of Blueberry and Haze and
compounds them into something really unique. Take this one to task and get
through all of your artist’s block and creative projects with a bit of
inspiration from Blue Dream. Or if you’re just in it for the mood boost, enjoy
the vibes as your worries melt away.  
  
Users who suffer from anxiety disorders are not recommended to use this strain
as it has a tendency to get ahead of you quickly and could potentially agitate
pre-existing conditions. However, because of its potency, it's known to be
beneficial for patients who suffer from chronic fatigue, depression, and lack
of appetite. As it is a stimulating strain at its core, it will lift your mood
and get the body moving. It is also reported to help with mild cases of muscle
spasms and pains caused by injury or illness.  
  
  
FREE NEXT DAY DELIVERY  
  
ORDER NOW - RECEIVE TOMORROW
Refund policy
Refer to bio
