TITLE: 28g Jack 47 (Jack Herer X AK-47 strains)  £156.8 | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
28g Jack 47 (Jack Herer X AK-47 strains)  £156.8 | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Buds and Flowers
28g Jack 47 (Jack Herer X AK-47 strains) £156.8
maurelius
Rating: 4.9 out of 5
Reviews: 524
Sales: 6343
156.8 GBP
Shipping from Spain to European Union
Shipping methods:  Spain to UK Standart Shipping ― 7 day ― 3.5 GBP  SPAIN to
EU Standart Shipping ― 7 day ― 3.5 GBP  Spain to Spain ― 3 day ― 0 GBP
Posted 8 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
THIS STRAIN WILL BE SHIPPED FROM SPAIN  
  
SHIPMENT TO UK OR EU COUNTRIES MAY TAKE FROM 5 TO 10 DAYS  
  
Jack 47 (Jack Herer X AK-47 strains) Shipping From Spain  
  
Strain Information  
  
Sativa Dominant Hybrid - 75% Sativa / 25% Indica  
  
THC: 18% - 24%,  
CBD: 2%  
  
Jack 47 is a sativa dominant hybrid (75% sativa/25% indica) strain created
through a cross of the classic Jack Herer X AK-47 strains. Cultivated in Spain
by Sweet Seeds, this powerhouse of a strain brings along high THC levels,
classic flavors, and even some CBD to boot. This celebrity child is sought
after for its seemingly impossible fusion of its parents' effects and its
powerful THC level of 18-24% on average and CBD level of 1-2%. The Jack 47
high is characterized by a euphoric and uplifted state that's perfect for
kicking back and relaxing with friends or just hanging out at home watching
TV. It hits you first in the head with an insanely happy state that instantly
boosts your mood and leaves you blissfully happy. This high comes heavy with
creative inspiration and a sense of artistic motivation as well as a tendency
to become very talkative at times. A relaxing body buzz accompanies this high,
anchoring your body to the world as your mood soars to new heights. These
effects and its insanely powerful THC level make Jack 47 the perfect bud for
treating conditions such as appetite loss, mild to moderate cases of
depression, seizures, chronic fatigue, and inflammation. Like its parents,
this bud has a classic smooth aroma of pungent lemony earth that has a
chemical kick to it as the nugs are burned. The taste is much like its Jack
Herer parent, with a fresh lemony pine flavor that is almost like Pine-Sol
with a pungent hint upon exhale.  
  
Effects: Creative, Euphoria, Giggly, Happy  
  
May Relieve: Anorexia, Anxiety, Asthma, Cancer, Depression, Epilepsy, Fatigue,
Inflammation, Loss of Appetite, Seizures, Stress  
  
Flavors: Chemical, Citrus, Grapefruit, Herbal, Honey, Lemon, Lime, Spicy  
  
Aromas: Chemical, Earthy, Lemon, Pungent  
  
  
You can expect your typical sativa-dominant arc of effects with Jack 47, but
exactly how they make you feel is what makes this strain so special. Highs
begin with a happy and creative burst, defining what it means to be cerebrally
affected. Social behavior is enhanced as well as the motivation to complete
more artistic endeavors. Make sure to get things done now, as you’ll be far
more relaxed when the body buzz kicks in. Users aren’t quite couch locked at
this stage, though they do find an anchoring sensation that renders their
night pretty much over.  
  
Let’s face it - you aren’t really a weed smoker until you’ve tried the
perfection that is Jack 47. It’s a wonder how any other strains end up being
popular, as this beauty gives users everything they could want and then some.
Be sure to keep your stash full and share with friends during chill sessions
at home or use it during the latter portion of your day to top off a tiring
time at work.  
  
At the start, it sends a strong euphoric buzz into the mind almost
instantaneously. As a sense of happiness set in, users find themselves in good
spirits feeling cheerful and sociable. Often, this leads to a bout of laughter
as dialogues take an amusing turn.  
  
Fragrance  
  
Jack 47 has a pungent citrus scent of lemon but with earthy undertones of herb
that is reminiscent of Pine-Sol.  
  
Flavors  
  
Fragrances essentially foretell a strain’s flavors. Thus, in Jack 47’s case,
it has the undeniable tang of lemon mixed with lime. To balance out the zing,
the citrus flavor is accompanied by a tinge of honey. On the exhale, it is
spicy and has a slight chemical hint.  
  
Adverse Reaction  
  
Most users typically experience cottonmouth when it comes to smoking Jack 47,
or any strain for that matter. Some, to a lesser degree, may also experience
dry eyes. Both of these are mild, but that is largely dependent on the amount
of herb consumed.  
  
However, a Sativa as potent as Jack 47 is likely to cause some people to feel
anxious or even a little paranoid. Thus, as a rule, marijuana must always be
used in moderation.  
  
Medical  
  
Test data for Jack 47’s cannabinoid content shows that it only contains up to
2% CBD. While this may be better than most plants, it remains far too low to
be of any significance to a person with epilepsy or those who are prone to
seizures. In spite of this, the herb remains medically beneficial in other
ways through its psychoactive properties.  
  
The psychedelic experience that Jack 47 delivers is often enough to lift
spirits. By enhancing the mood, it boosts the morale of those in sunken states
of gloom such as people diagnosed with depression. Not only that, but it also
wipes out stress-related problems.  
  
Besides the behavioral changes, Jack 47 also helps alleviate chronic
physiological pain. An effective analgesic, it eases pressure to every nook
and cranny of the body beginning from the temples. Moreover, its energizing
high supplements the body in warding off fatigue.  
  
During the comedown, many often feel the urge to eat. This, however, is not
surprising as the chemical compounds responsible for the high are also
appetite stimulants. Used in this way, users must control the amount of
cannabis taken. Otherwise, they may find it difficult to get off the couch.
Refund policy
If your order doesn't show up we can offer you 50% reship or refund of the
original order.  
For years we used to reship 100% of the orders but unfortunately we live in a
world where people take advantage of you and sometimes our clients lie when it
comes to receiving orders. Please understand that we are here for money and we
feel sorry that honnest men/women have to suffer the loss. Besides, you are
buying weed, not vegetables. :)
