TITLE: 7g Gorilla Glue Dust Shake Trim  £25.2 | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
7g Gorilla Glue Dust Shake Trim  £25.2 | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Shake
7g Gorilla Glue Dust Shake Trim £25.2
maurelius
Rating: 4.9 out of 5
Reviews: 535
Sales: 6354
25.2 GBP
Shipping from Spain to European Union
Shipping methods:  Spain to UK Standart Shipping ― 7 day ― 3.5 GBP  SPAIN to
EU Standart Shipping ― 7 day ― 3.5 GBP  Spain to Spain ― 3 day ― 0 GBP
Posted 8 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
THIS STRAIN WILL BE SHIPPED FROM SPAIN  
  
SHIPMENT TO UK OR EU COUNTRIES MAY TAKE FROM 5 TO 10 DAYS  
  
Gorilla Glue Dust Shake Trim Shipping From Spain  
  
All products need to be highlighted, some of them don`t as they talk for
themselves  
  
60/40 Indica Dominant Hybrid -60% Indica / 40% Sativa  
THC 25% - 28%  
Level - 9/10  
  
Original Gorila Glue strain  
  
Gorilla Glue, developed by GG Strains, is a potent hybrid strain that delivers
heavy-handed euphoria and relaxation, leaving you feeling “glued” to the
couch. Its chunky, resin-covered buds fill the room with pungent earthy and
sour aromas inherited from its parent strains, Chem’s Sister, Sour Dubb, and
Chocolate Diesel. Taking first place in both the Michigan and Los Angeles 2014
Cannabis Cups as well as the High Times Jamaican World Cup, this multiple
award-winning hybrid's supremacy is no longer a secret, and consumers will
search far and wide to get their hands sticky with Gorilla Glue. Takes away
all anxiety, delivers relaxation, happiness as you`ve been meditating for
hours.The effects last for hours and often end in a deep sleep. Because of
these effects, Gorilla Glue is perfect for treating conditions such as chronic
pain, depression, insomnia, nausea, and muscle spasms. This bud has a super
sour diesel chemical flavor that’s incredibly harsh and sticks to your tongue
long after you finish toking. The aroma is even more powerful, with a slightly
sweet sour mocha effect that’s accented by chemical diesel. All products need
to be highlighted, but some of them don`t, as they talk for themselves once
tested.
Refund policy
If your order doesn't show up we can offer you 50% reship or refund of the
original order.  
For years we used to reship 100% of the orders but unfortunately we live in a
world where people take advantage of you and sometimes our clients lie when it
comes to receiving orders. Please understand that we are here for money and we
feel sorry that honnest men/women have to suffer the loss. Besides, you are
buying weed, not vegetables. :)
