TITLE: US to US Generic Viagra Sildenafil 150 mg Cenforce x 180 Tablets | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
US to US Generic Viagra Sildenafil 150 mg Cenforce x 180 Tablets | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Prescription Drugs
US to US Generic Viagra Sildenafil 150 mg Cenforce x 180 Tablets
MasterMeds
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 611
Sales: 1075
159.9 USD
Shipping from United States to United States
Shipping methods:  ― 4 day ― 10 USD
Posted 4 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
US to US delivery Only!!!  
  
Generic Viagra Cenforce Sildenafil 150mg  
  
Sildenafil, sold under the brand name Viagra among others, is a medication
used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension. It is
unclear if it is effective for treating sexual dysfunction in women. It is
taken by mouth or by injection into a vein. Onset is typically within 20
minutes and lasts for about 2 hours. Common side effects include headaches,
heartburn, and flushed skin. Caution is advised in those with cardiovascular
disease. Rare but serious side effects include a prolonged erection that can
lead to damage to the penis, vision problems, and hearing loss. Sildenafil
should not be taken by people on nitrates such as nitroglycerin, as this may
result in a serious drop in blood pressure. Sildenafil should not be taken
within four hours of taking an alpha one antagonist. Sildenafil acts by
blocking phosphodiesterase 5, an enzyme that promotes breakdown of cGMP, which
regulates blood flow in the penis. It requires sexual arousal, however, to
work.  
  
Delivery and Return details please check Vendor Profile about me.
Refund policy
REFUNDS  
Generally we offer our customers the choice between a partial/full refund or a
reship depending on situation.  
Please allow 24-48hours for a response to any complaints or concerns.  
  
Example Cases:  
1 Sending wrong product - Full refund if also active substance does not match.  
2 Sending incorrect amount - Partial refund.  
3 not like the product (very rare) - No refund.  
4 Product is too weak - No refund - you have developed
