TITLE: 1KILO - 3-MMC ★ FROM HOLLAND Methaphedrone 99% - ★ TOP QUALITY ★ | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
1KILO - 3-MMC ★ FROM HOLLAND Methaphedrone 99% - ★ TOP QUALITY ★ | Nemesis Market     
    
Drugs  » Stimulants  » Other
1KILO - 3-MMC ★ FROM HOLLAND Methaphedrone 99% - ★ TOP QUALITY ★
Dutchchampion
Rating: 0 out of 5
Reviews: 0
Sales: 0
6999 EUR
Shipping from Netherlands to World Wide
Shipping methods:  Priority Letter. ― 7 day ― 0.1 EUR  Letter. ― 10 day ― 0.1
EUR
Posted 2 days ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
★ Welcome to our shop ★  
  
This is the best 3-MMC you can get, this product is tested, and clean product.  
Very high quality, so no for beginners.  
  
The 3-MMC also known as metaphedrone we sell is very high quality. 3-MMC is a
stimulant category which compares in effect to a mix of cocaine and MDMA.  
3-MMC can be taken through snorting the powder, or swallowing the powder.
Snorting has a faster, stronger on-set, but feels more "dirty" and last
shorter than taking the substance orally.  
It first appeared on markets around 2010, and works on dopamine and serotonin.  
  
3-MMC has been getting more and more popular in The Netherlands and closer
regions, just like 2-CB (which also was a "designer drug" first). We really
recommend the experience if you've never tried it.  
  
The 3-MMC is produced here in The Netherlands and has been tested at a 99%
purity. Never cut.  
Recommended dosages are between 100mg up to 350mg for experienced users.
Refund policy
100% reship, or 50% refund after 3 positive sales.  
  
Please be advised that leaving a negative feedback instantly voids your rights
at a reship/refund  
Please wait the average shipping time for your country + 5 additional business
days before contacting us about a missing order Orders will arrive 99% of the
time  
For the 1% of non arriving orders we offer a 50% reship OR a 50% refund this
choice is up to the customer Customers with suspicious feedback/order history
will be blacklisted and wont be eligible for a reship/refund
