TITLE: Heisenbergs 300mg XTC (1 pill) | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Heisenbergs 300mg XTC (1 pill) | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Ecstasy  » XTC Pills
Heisenbergs 300mg XTC (1 pill)
UKnarcotics
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 1
Sales: 1
5 GBP
Shipping from United Kingdom to World Wide
Shipping methods:  Royal Mail 1st class ― 3 day ― 3 GBP  WW Royal Mail 1st
class ― 10 day ― 10 GBP
Posted 2 weeks ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Heisenbergs 300mg XTC  
300mg Pure clean MDMA  
  
Pink colour and shaped like Heisenberg.  
  
Ecstasy (MDMA, 3,4 methylenedioxymethamphetamine), also commonly called Molly,
is a synthetic (lab made), psychoactive drug chemically similar to the
stimulant methamphetamine and the hallucinogen mescaline. It is an illegal
drug that acts as both a stimulant and psychedelic, producing an energizing
effect, as well as distortions in time and perception and enhanced enjoyment
from tactile experiences.  
  
Its primary effects are in the brain on neurons that use the chemical
serotonin to communicate with other neurons. The serotonin system plays an
important role in regulating mood, aggression, sexual activity, sleep, and
sensitivity to pain.  
  
Adolescents and young adults use it to reduce inhibitions and to promote
feeling of euphoria (great happiness, excitement, "high"), feelings of
closeness, empathy, and sexuality. Ecstasy can also produce psychedelic
effects, similar to the hallucinogens mescaline and LSD. Ecstasy was first
popular in the nightclub scene or at all-night dance parties known as "raves",
and at concerts or festivals, but is used by others, too.  
  
How is Ecstasy used?  
  
Ecstasy is usually available in tablet or capsule form and is taken by mouth
or crushed and snorted. It is also available as a powder and snorted, taken as
a liquid, and it is occasionally smoked but rarely injected. The drug’s
effects generally last from 3 to 6 hours.  
  
Several tablets may be taken at one time or in succession over a period of
time. Abusers may also use in conjunction with other psychoactive drugs like
LSD. As with many other "party drugs", ecstasy is rarely used alone. It is
common for users to mix it with alcohol and marijuana.
Refund policy
As packages are not sent tracked, we simply cannot offer a full refund
otherwise this as a vendor would leave us open to potential scammers. All
packages come with stealth and as we know from experience mostly all packages
arrive other than the odd one or two which is usually Royal Mail losing them
etc which can happen ordering from anyone. We find it fair that if you claim
you didn't receive package, we will offer a 25% reship but once you have
placed 3 orders or more so that trust has been established on both parts then
we will offer a 50% reship which is straight down the middle, which when
conducting business like this, that comes with its risks to split it down the
middle its fair. If you do not agree with refund policy, then simply please do
not order.
