TITLE: Green Hulks S903 - 3.2mg Clonazolam (50 Bars) | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Green Hulks S903 - 3.2mg Clonazolam (50 Bars) | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Benzodiazepine (Benzos)  » Pills
Green Hulks S903 - 3.2mg Clonazolam (50 Bars)
cannedgoods
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 177
Sales: 368
99 USD
Shipping from United States to United States
Shipping methods:  USPS Priority Post ― 3 day ― 14 USD
Posted 7 months ago and last time edited at 2022-10-03 12:36:05 UTC
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Clonazolam bars greens S903 press and dosed at 3.2mg Clonazolam per bar  
  
*** FE Listing ***  
  
All FE listings are normal priced. My trust levels are way over the top so it
would not be an issue. Thank you so much once again for your patronage! CG
team will always take good care of ya!  
  
:::::::::::: CANNEDGOODS SHOP ::::::::::::  
  
Cannedgoods is a melding of the best minds in the game with great  
experience in specializing with cannabis, psychedelics, benzos and  
RC Chems.  
  
Expect only the best products and the best professional service from us.  
  
:::::::::::: Green Hulks S903 - 3.2mg Clonazolam ::::::::::::  
  
We incorporate high quality industrial grade volumetric dosing and mixing
system for each of our  
bars before they even go into our press. Each Green Hulk S903 bar is pressed
with 3.2mg clonazolam  
which is the strongest in the market right now carefully dosed correctly to
replicate real pharmaceutical bars.  
  
Each of the team members have placed a hefty investment financially as well as
time  
and knowledge to pull this off therefore expect the cannedgoods team to with
your  
supplier for Clonazolam bars in the long term.  
  
Clonazolam (also known as Clonitrazolam) is a novel depressant substance of
the benzodiazepine chemical class which produces  
anxiolytic, sedative, muscle relaxant, and amnesic effects when administered.
Clonazolam is reported to be roughly 2.5x as potent as alprazolam.  
  
However, make sure that you are atleast 2-3 days sober before taking our Clona
bars because it interacts  
with some Benzo and RCs. Always start with lower doses due to differences
between individual body weight, tolerance, metabolism, and personal
sensitivity.  
  
Our 3.2 mg Clonazolam bars are similarly dosed with our best seller 3.2mg
Flualprazolam bars. As a benchmark dose, after sobering up for 2-3 days,  
take half a bar first and then finish the other half as needed. Our 3.2mg
dosage is a strong dose fit for a day but each person is always different.  
  
:::::::::::: PROFESSIONAL AND STEALTHY DELIVERY ::::::::::::  
  
We value your safety and satisfaction first and foremost.  
  
1\. ZERO logs kept for safety and anonymity.  
2\. Superb customer service!  
3\. Great product quality from a highly reputable vendor and solid plug.  
  
Upon ordering, we will need your address (Place it encrypted on the order  
details pane)  
  
Preferably in this format:  
  
1\. Receivers First name and Last name  
2\. City Address  
3\. State Address  
4\. Post Code  
  
We ship daily. If you order is processed beyond the cut-off period for the  
day then we will be shipping it on the next day.  
  
  
:::::::::::: TERMS, CONDITIONS AND POLICIES ::::::::::::  
  
You are assured of very high quality bars  
  
Return Policy:  
  
Please pay close attention to our very fair return policy:  
  
1\. Once something is wrong with your order please contact us right away.  
2\. We will be conducting an investigation which will be very quick. We  
will just be double checking delivery address and other details on your  
end as well as checking the shipping and tracking on our end.  
3\. If it is proven to be your fault then you are not eligible for reship  
or refund.  
4\. If it is proven to be our fault then we will either reship or refund you  
in full depending on your preference.  
  
Turnaround Time:  
  
Please take note of the delivery turnaround times for each postal option we  
offer. If it has been a few days beyond the allotted time frame and your order  
has not yet been received feel free to contact us and resolve the issue.  
  
Contact Details:  
  
If at any time you feel that there is something we could do better,  
or have done wrong, please feel free to let us know so that we can take  
appropriate action to accommodate you, and do whatever is needed to rectify  
the situation.  
  
We are here to run a professional business. We ask that the customer  
acts accordingly.  
  
By the same token, we are well aware of the dangers inherent in this business  
environment, and will not respond to blackmail, bullying, threats, or any
other  
acts of injury, sabotage or other illicit activity.  
  
All inquiries, suggestions and ideas are welcome!  
  
You can contact me here on the market via PM.  
  
:::::::::::: OTHERS ::::::::::::  
  
Open for partnership opportunities feel free to reach out via PM if  
you have any questions or are interested in some partnerships.
Refund policy
You are assured of very high quality bars  
  
Return Policy:  
  
Please pay close attention to our very fair return policy:  
  
1\. Once something is wrong with your order please contact us right away.  
2\. We will be conducting an investigation which will be very quick. We  
will just be double checking delivery address and other details on your  
end as well as checking the shipping and tracking on our end.  
3\. If it is proven to be your fault then you are not eligible for reship  
or refund.  
4\. If it is proven to be our fault then we will either reship or refund you  
in full depending on your preference.
__ Sort comments by Top New
K
__ __
Kymber536 1 2 months ago
You do a sample pack of all your different bars? I want to try them all, if
not just please get back to me asap if you have xans, I'm ready to order
M
__ __
MitchD 1 5 months ago
Hello my friend. Please send me the tracking # for my package. Thanks for your
quick service and excellent communication, MitchD.
__ __
cannedgoods 1 V OP 5 months ago
Hello my friend! Tracking sent privately on your messages. Cheers!
M
__ __
MitchD 1 5 months ago
Hello My friend. I hope I didn't cause a real serious problem by not having my
address encrypted. I'm ditching my current PGP system and will do every thing
in my power to make sure this never happens again. I'm making it priority #
one to find a reliable but easy to use PGP system. I hope this message reaches
you and that you and you have no problems with it. So far, I can't find a
message form provided by the site that I have been able to send a message
with. The only one that seems to work is the one where you place your shipping
address and other comments if you have any. Par of the problem seems to be the
nude lady captcha which is a pain in the ass. A person can only look at so
much shaved pussy. I asked a moderator about the captcha, and they said that
that is just the way it is set up and I should get used to it a better at
signing in as I use it more. So far, it hasn't worked for me. Regardless of
that, here is my private secure email address that is end to end encrypted as
part of this email server's basic free service. It doesn't matter what email
server I receive the email from, it is automatically encrypted and remains so
until I open the email. The person sending the email doesn't have to worry
about encrypting it. Hope you receive this message. carljpsyc@mailfence.com
D
__ __
Diggidydeerow 0 1 month ago
I would like to purchase straight from you last attempt I got scammed
