TITLE: Royal Kush THC =22% | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
Royal Kush THC =22% | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Buds and Flowers
Royal Kush THC =22%
TonysDrugsStore
Rating: 5 out of 5
Reviews: 2193
Sales: 2320
3.5 g
36 GBP
7 g
56 GBP
14 g
96 GBP
28 g
169 GBP
56 g
319 GBP
125 g
650 GBP
Shipping from United Kingdom to United Kingdom
Shipping methods:  TRACK AND SINGED NEXT DAY UK ― 1 day ― 7 GBP
Vendor on vacation
♡
This item is listed as an escrow. The order process is as follows:
  * After the buyer has placed an order, the vendor has 5 days to accept or reject the order.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't accept the order within 5 days.
  * If the buyer doesn't want to wait 5 days, there will be a cancel button after 48 hours to cancel the order and get a full refund.
  * After the order got accepted, the vendor has 5 days to ship. The buyer can not cancel the order at this point.
  * The buyer will get a full refund if the vendor doesn't ship the order within 5 days.
  * After the vendor ships the order, the buyer must wait for the delivery time specified with the selected shipping method.
  * If the buyer didn't receive the order within the delivery time, the buyer has 10 days to open a dispute.
  * After the order got finalized, the buyer can leave a review.
  * If you have any questions, leave a comment or create a post on our forum.
Posted 11 months ago and last time edited at 2022-09-27 10:05:08 UTC
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
Review Breakdown  
  
Exceptional = 98%  
Outstanding= 97%  
Good to Very Good = 93%  
THC =22%  
  
Royal Kush by G13 Labs is a king among hybrids, delivering powerful trance-
like effects with an earthy, skunky aroma.  
This balanced hybrid descends from the renowned line of Afghani and Skunk #1,
two strains that have gained legendary status among cannabis breeders.  
  
Royal Kushs happy, euphoric relaxation branches out in full-body effects that
later ease into deep restfulness conducive for sleep.  
Patients treating stress, pain, and nausea can benefit from Royal Kushs potent
relief, but less seasoned consumers should take caution with this hard-hitter.  
This strain has a unique coverage of white pistil hairs, and growers are
recommended an 8 to 13 week flowering time for their indoor Royal Kush plants.
Refund policy
Shipping-  
  
UK - 1-3 days  
  
We except orders till 2.00 pm Monday To Friday No Weekends.  
  
Large and Next day delivery options orders are shipped via tracked signed for
it.  
Royal Mail special delivery S/D tracking number and discounts for your safe
delivery and happiness  
All delivery times are taken of RMs website and delays are 99% of the time
their fault.  
We ship out orders once a day and if you order before 2.00pm (GMT+0) your
package will be sent the same day orders after 2.00pm will be sent out next
day.  
  
Refund and Reship Policy-  
  
Tracked Orders:  
  
After your order is shipped you can always ask your tracking number the 2 day!  
  
UK: We can give guarantee royal mail arrival on UK orders.  
( In case of opened package or seizure we do not reship/refund lost its on
your responsibility!!!)  
  
International: In case of seizure we do not reship/refund and we don't accept
negative feedback.  
Please order only if you accept the risk.  
  
*All bulk packages are sent with top stealth!  
  
No P.O BOX ??? please read it carefully  
  
Feedbacks-  
  
Please leave feedback after all purchases and always consult with a message
before leaving a negative one as we strive to find solutions for our customers
problems.  
  
Thank you for visiting TonysDrugsStore we wish you a nice day!!!
