TITLE: 56g Alien Cookies Strain £560 | Nemesis Market
TEXT:
56g Alien Cookies Strain £560 | Nemesis Market     
  
Drugs  » Cannabis  » Buds and Flowers
56g Alien Cookies Strain £560
maurelius
Rating: 4.9 out of 5
Reviews: 524
Sales: 6343
560 GBP
Shipping from United Kingdom to European Union
Shipping methods:  UK to UK Standart Shipping ― 3 day ― 0 GBP  UK to Ireland
Standart Shipping ― 7 day ― 3.5 GBP  UK to EU Standart Shipping ― 7 day ― 3.5
GBP  UK to UK/EU Tracked and Sign ― 3 day ― 12.5 GBP
Posted 8 months ago
Report
  * Description
  * Reviews
THIS STRAIN WILL BE SHIPPED FROM UK  
  
SHIPMENT TO EU MAY TAKE FROM 5 TO 10 DAYS  
  
Alien Cookies Strain  
  
Hybrid - 50% Sativa /50% Indica  
  
THC: 21%  
CBD: 0.18%  
  
  
Alien Cookies is an evenly balanced hybrid (50% sativa/50% indica) strain
created through a cross of the popular Alien Dawg X Girl Scout Cookies
strains. This bud is incredibly rare to find, but totally worth it every time
because of its flawless combination of its parents' effects. The Alien Cookies
high has a happy and relaxing nature powered by an average THC level of 21% or
more that is mild upon first hit, but can prove to be debilitating if you risk
any more. It hits you first with a happy lift that leaves you in a state of
utter peace before catapulting you into a powerful couch-lock and a sedated
hungry state that leaves you questioning if you should sleep or eat everything
in your house. Many users report falling asleep as the high builds, especially
if they are less experienced or took a few tokes. These effects make Alien
Cookies ideal for treating conditions such as chronic pain, appetite loss,
muscle spasms, insomnia, and chronic stress or anxiety. This bud has a
surprisingly sweet vanilla flavor accented by pungent earth, and a strong
aroma of pungent kush with a hint of sweet vanilla as the nugs are burned.
Alien Cookies has lumpy leafy small bright neon green nugs with rich amber
hairs and a thick frosty coating of amber colored tiny crystal trichomes.  
  
  
Effects: Happy, Hungry, Relaxing  
  
May Relieve: Anxiety, Chronic Pain, Insomnia  
  
Flavors: Sweet, Vanilla  
  
Aromas: Dank, Pungent, Skunky, Sweet, Vanilla
Refund policy
If your order doesn't show up we can offer you 50% reship or refund of the
original order.  
For years we used to reship 100% of the orders but unfortunately we live in a
world where people take advantage of you and sometimes our clients lie when it
comes to receiving orders. Please understand that we are here for money and we
feel sorry that honnest men/women have to suffer the loss. Besides, you are
buying weed, not vegetables. :)
